Content like data, models, tests, and endpoints are organized into Projects in the Custom Speech portal. Each project is specific to a domain and country/language. For example, you may create a project for call centers that use English in the United States. To create your first project, select the Speech-to-text/Custom speech, then click New Project. Follow the instructions provided by the wizard to create your project. After you've created a project, you should see four tabs: Data, Testing, Training, and Deployment. Use the links provided in Next steps to learn how to use each tab.
Custom Speech provides tools that allow you to visually inspect the recognition quality of a model by comparing audio data with the corresponding recognition result. From the Custom Speech portal, you can play back uploaded audio and determine if the provided recognition result is correct. This tool allows you to quickly inspect quality of Microsoft's baseline speech-to-text model or a trained custom model without having to transcribe any audio data.
In this document, you'll learn how to quantitatively measure the quality of Microsoft's speech-to-text model or your custom model. Audio + human-labeled transcription data is required to test accuracy, and 30 minutes to 5 hours of representative audio should be provided.
What is Word Error Rate (WER)?
The industry standard to measure model accuracy is Word Error Rate (WER). WER counts the number of incorrect words identified during recognition, then divides by the total number of words provided in the human-labeled transcript. Finally, that number is multiplied by 100% to calculate the WER.
WER formula
Incorrectly identified words fall into three categories:
Insertion (I): Words that are incorrectly added in the hypothesis transcript
Deletion (D): Words that are undetected in the hypothesis transcript
Substitution (S): Words that were substituted between reference and hypothesis
Here's an example:
Example of incorrectly identified words
Resolve errors and improve WER
You can use the WER from the machine recognition results to evaluate the quality of the model you are using with your app, tool, or product. A WER of 5%-10% is considered to be good quality and is ready to use. A WER of 20% is acceptable, however you may want to consider additional training. A WER of 30% or more signals poor quality and requires customization and training.
How the errors are distributed is important. When many deletion errors are encountered, it's usually because of weak audio signal strength. To resolve this issue, you'll need to collect audio data closer to the source. Insertion errors mean that the audio was recorded in a noisy environment and crosstalk may be present, causing recognition issues. Substitution errors are often encountered when an insufficient sample of domain-specific terms has been provided as either human-labeled transcriptions or related text.
By analyzing individual files, you can determine what type of errors exist, and which errors are unique to a specific file. Understanding issues at the file level will help you target improvements.
Create a test
If you'd like to test the quality of Microsoft's speech-to-text baseline model or a custom model that you've trained, you can compare two models side by side to evaluate accuracy. The comparison includes WER and recognition results. Typically, a custom model is compared with Microsoft's baseline model.
To evaluate models side by side:
Sign in to the Custom Speech portal.
Navigate to Speech-to-text > Custom Speech > Testing.
Click Add Test.
Select Evaluate accuracy. Give the test a name, description, and select your audio + human-labeled transcription dataset.
Select up to two models that you'd like to test.
Click Create.
After your test has been successfully created, you can compare the results side by side.
Side-by-side comparison
Once the test is complete, indicated by the status change to Succeeded, you'll find a WER number for both models included in your test. Click on the test name to view the testing detail page. This detail page lists all the utterances in your dataset, indicating the recognition results of the two models alongside the transcription from the submitted dataset. To help inspect the side-by-side comparison, you can toggle various error types including insertion, deletion, and substitution. By listening to the audio and comparing recognition results in each column, which shows the human-labeled transcription and the results for two speech-to-text models, you can decide which model meets your needs and where additional training and improvements are required.
Hi Paulo, how are you?
Yeah, good thanks.
Where Is Everybody?
Hi Brian.
Oh strange.
Hi Marc.
OK. Um, he's he's in a call as well.
Benoit is away by the looks of it.
Yep.
Okay shall I go next?
Um Judith I'm have got uh, she's been fruut monitoring today and then we've all got a meeting about this transcription work going to go through the process and what each one of us is going to be doing.
And then the actual doing of the transcription work.
And then after that she will be going on to Bee.
She still has some more LSTM subjects that she's going to be adding.
And for me, um, American Red Cross.
We've got some UAT feedback to go through.
I've got monitoring to do and probably more training.
I came across an issue yesterday.
I need to do some testing to see if I can fix that.
It's just to do with the model.
It's nothing too serious.
Yeah, but that's it.
Oh, and Seamus is just continuing with optimizing the script for sentence similarity work.
And then he's gonna be doing his text summarization R&D work.
And that's it from us.
Yes, Yeah.
Yeah, there is one thing that we need to discuss, but the other thing, yeah, I fixed that already.
The other thing.
Yeah.
Yep.
Oh, sorry to hear that.
Oh I thought it was Manchester way?
Oh Gloucestershire.
In between Bristol and Gloucester.
Oh Crazy.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So is she back this morning or not till tomorrow.
Oh Yep.
Yeah.
Well, I think it's a great idea, of course.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep, makes sense.
I've just thinking about how long this meeting has been and how much transcription we've gotta go through.
And you thank you.
Bye bye."
"Hi Asiri, how are you?
No.
Oh no, that's absolutely fine.
Yeah, did it all go OK?
Oh, that's good.
Hi Brian, oh you're in the office.
Is there many others in?
What's up?
Oh of course, yeah yeah.
Was it?
Yep.
It doesn't apply to businesses, no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who are you waving to?
Oh I've not seen her for ages.
Well done.
OK shall I go next?
Um, so from me I'm gonna I'm going still working on American Red Cross.
They're still asking lots of questions from the US, so Yep, still lots of monitoring and training to do from that.
I'm I presume so.
I mean, you know models need to be monitored constantly anyway, so but I think that there will be handover process at some point, but for now it's it's down to us and it does need to be done on a regular basis.
Um.
Are you concerned about the amount of time spent on it then?
Yeah.
I am studying the questions quite closely and thinking would somebody really say that?
And if I don't think they do then I ignore them and I'm also seeing on the report because you can see the location of where people are asking from and that is quite varied.
Although whether it's more than 10 people I don't know.
But you know it is all over the states.
Seems to be and Malaysia, I think.
They've got a team in Malaysia.
I think it is.
Is that right, Paolo?
Yeah.
So yes, it's um.
I think it is quite a variance of people, but yeah, anything that I think is not worth training.
I don't train.
Um and Paolo?
We need to still need to have the dialogue discussions.
I know there's a few stories by their bugs.
Haven't they been put in for tweaking?
Some of the dialogue, so I presume you want me to do new like flow diagrams for them?
OK. OK. OK, just let me know when I'm needed then.
OK, um so for Judith, she's going to be continuing to do Fruut transcriptions from the meetings today.
She might need some help from me depending on how long the meetings are, she will let me know.
She's got a QBox on boarding call with Zebra tomorrow, so she's done most of the prep that, but she needs to just check and refresh yourself on the notes.
Fruut monitoring and then after that she's going back to pick up the work on the Bee Bot.
And for Seamus it's just continuing with his text summarization work.
Um, he's uh.
He actually saw some of the transcriptions from yesterdays' meetings, and from that is given him a bit of understanding of you know what they are like.
And he might try a different approach to the text summarization 'cause he's realizing that the approach that you was going to use might not work very well.
So that was quite a good experience for him yesterday.
And that's it from our team.
I can't hear either.
Oh, he's gone.
Hi Benoit.
I think that everybody isn't it?
And Benoit's not on the call now.
Yeah, he might have missed what you were talking about the interview Paolo, he went awhile ago.
Um haven't decided yet.
Of course.
Have a good day guys.
Bye."
"No there's always a bit of a delay in picking it up, no?
Brilliant.
OK shall I go next.
OK, Judith will have the Fruut transcriptions to do today and then she's gonna be thinking about how she's going to be processed.
Processing all the data ready for testing and training.
She also has a zebra QBox on boarding.
Call this afternoon.
Um, for me it's still American Red Cross monitoring and probably training.
I'm going to check over Judith notes for the zebra on court on boarding.
Call before hand.
I'm and then Seamus.
It's just his text summarization work.
And that's it from our team.
Have a good day, bye."
"Tired.
Yeah, that's Monday.
Yeah Monday yeah, typical will be back to work.
In the 30s.
Yeah sure.
So Judith has got some more Fruut transcriptions do from the I think it's just the QBox meeting.
She's actually going to get it transcribed today.
Although we are recording this one as well, just in case.
Just have data to fall back on and then she's going to be doing.
Yes.
OK. OK. Yep.
OK, I think she has based on the amount of time the the audio time at the moment.
OK. Yep.
Yeah, OK. Yeah.
Yep.
OK. OK. Yeah.
OK. OK yeah, I'll let her know that and then she's obviously got all the data processing for doing the testing etc.
And for me, um, American Red Cross, I don't know.
There's hardly any questions that they've that's been asked recently so there's not going to be a lot of monitoring and training for that, so I think I'm just going to try and get some stats together for previous questions to see what the stats are for it, and I can publish those.
And then I should probably go back to my QBox, help videos, speaking to Ray about that the other day, and he's keen to try and get those onto YouTube at some point.
I mean, obviously you need to approve them first, Benoit, possibly Marc.
Um and then?
Yeah.
Uh huh.
OK, I'm but not using QBox, do you mean?
OK. OK. Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
OK. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yep, OK. OK, yeah it sounds interesting.
Quite a bit of thought will need to go into that, but yeah, good one.
OK. OK. OK, and then just from Seamus Marc, he needs to have a catch up with you on something to do with the sentence similarity stuff.
There's problems with the script taking quite a long time.
I think he needs to have a catch up with you on that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean a big model like Lusy.
He's saying it's taking just under 2 minutes, which is not too bad.
Too long, yeah?
Alright.
Are there?
Yeah.
OK, that's it from our team.
Have a good day, bye."
"Hi Brian, how are you?
Yeah, good thanks.
Morning Asiri.
Sorry, afternoon for you.
Yeah, the next two days is like 30 degrees.
And then it gets bit colder for the rest of the week.
So, so far so good.
Hi Marc.
Yep.
OK, shall I go next.
Sorry OK, um so Judith she has got the training testing work to do on the Fruut app following the all the meeting transcriptions last week.
So far she's got a 19% word error rate, which sounds pretty bad.
But that's just on the baseline model, so plenty of room for improvement and she's pretty confident that that will be improved massively with all the training.
Um?
And then once Seamus has done the Lucy report, she needs to look through that and send that out.
But most of her day will be on Fruut.
And then for me I'm I'm going to be doing some of the Fruut transcriptions from the managers meetings following Benoit saying that they all need to be transcribed at the moment.
So there's quite a lot of work to be doing there, so I thought I'd help her with those so that she can concentrate on the training.
I'm on American Red Cross.
I don't think there's a great deal to do those I don't think there was that many questions asked recently, so not much monitoring to do so most of my day will be the Fruut transcription work.
And Seamus is just the working on utterance similarity, work to try and speed up the process.
And that's it.
From our team.
He's in another call, Paolo.
And you.
Speak tomorrow.
OK, bye."
"Oh shut up".
Good morning by the way.
You are on mute Paolo.
Yeah, sure.
So Judith, um, she has got lots to do on Fruut today, and there's the audio training prep that she's doing.
Apparently the UK than the latest version of the UK model can be audio trained now, not just language, so she's going to try doing lots of that and see what improvements we can make an she'll have some more transcription work to do from meetings over the last couple of days.
I'm going to be helping her with some transcription work there so we can keep on top of it, especially for the managers meetings 'cause they are taking quite a long time to do.
I'm and then for me I'm I was gonna ask about the American Red Cross because the client is doing lots more training again this week.
I didn't know whether it was still OK for me to do the monitoring and training because I know we're quite a bit over budget.
Is it still OK to do?
I don't really know who to ask as Kym's not in for the next few days.
No, he's on holiday.
I mean, they've asked a lot of questions, about 600 questions have been asked again at from yesterday.
Um?
Probably 3 to 4 hours, maybe a day.
Could be if if it is, yeah.
If it's the kind, if it's the you know the same kind of pass an amount of questions that coming through.
OK, I'll try and do the minimum training if possible.
You know I am looking at the questions to make sure they would be ones that we typically asked.
Some of them are a bit strange so I will dismiss some of them, but I'll just try and do.
Um, about 50% fifty 60%.
It's been reviewed now yeah so I mean, although they are slight 650 questions yesterday, I'm only needing to review 291 of them.
Oh yeah, yeah.
OK. Huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, I think in general it is going on a downward trend, I mean it's it's kind of like going up and down it it it just?
I think it's a lot of the time it's dependent on who's actually asking.
I think there are some people that are really trying to test the parameters of this chatbot.
Really asking some very strange and weird and wonderful questions.
Yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
Pretty impressive.
Have a good day.
Thanks bye."
"Yeah, good thanks.
OK.
So oh Marc, we have got the Fruutbot on.
Sorry, just checking.
So Judith is going to be doing some monitoring of the NLP model for Fruut and possible training, and then she's going to be going on to training the audio model.
She's going to start on the QBox meeting model first.
And seeing how that goes and then possibly do some combinations with QBox and the managers meetings so she still got a few more tactics to try out there.
For me it's American Red Cross monitoring and training.
They've asked lots more questions yesterday since yesterday and then I'll probably be doing the transcriptions for this meeting that's all ready in the bank and Seamus is needs to talk to Bryn about the utterance similarity work.
He needs to have a catch up with Bryn, and then he's going to go onto the dialogue summarization work.
And that's all from our team.
Yeah, they wear whatever he did to make it quicker, but the groupings just seemed to be make more sense.
It just seemed to do a lot better.
I only checked like the first five or six intents, but Seamus said that was absolutely fine and didn't need to thoroughly.
Go through the whole lot.
So yeah, it's quite interesting results.
Yeah, yeah.
And it was like 20 seconds or something.
Did he say I can't remember?
10 wow.
That's brilliant, isn't that?
OK, that's good.
Oh yeah.
Thanks and you bye bye."
"Hiya.
Hi, hi Paolo.
OK. Paolo one question on Tanya when she's supposed to start start on Hello.
Beginning of next week, or.
OK, yeah.
From Monday, OK I I need to revisit the Intuit sprint in this case because I thought she was there until the end of this sprint.
Which is Monday to Thursday, Wednesday.
I. Yep.
OK.
Thanks thanks bye.
Should I go next?
An so on Inuit, um, we are now finishing the task bringing it to ready status.
So some of us can, you know start doing the the quality assurance.
Also, there there was an escalation about some of James' messages from the Intuit team.
So our guys are going for a technical call yesterday so the end result was like you know, we need to.
We need to have an extract of those messages in order to compare those things so we haven't received them yet.
So once we have received them, Chanaka will go through the data an try to find out whether it's it's one of our faults or their fault.
Yeah, that's it from my side.
It's it's a I think it's it's not going.
It's not going to be a big impact on the Intuit side as well because those messages are in dead letter so.
But they they they?
Yeah, so they're, they're like curious to find out.
I mean is it?
Is it?
What cause?
For this issue here, yeah, OK.
If.
Yeah, yeah."
"Morning Alison.
Good, good.
Yesterday.
I feel bad because you know I forgot to send the message at the beginning of the meeting.
I I was so busy with the certification.
It went well.
Yeah, it went really well.
Brian.
Yeah, cheers.
Yeah.
Oh, recording.
Hello.
Yep.
OK, so it's it's me left.
Yes, Marc said like you know, the decertification went really well.
Full credit to Prasadi.
Even on preparation I I mean it has gone like smooth as ever.
So no panic so or anything like that.
So full credit to her so we are back again on the Sprint.
Also in the afternoon we have an architectural review meeting for.
Tracking the tracking the training histories for the new decoupling content so that that's been scheduled for in the afternoon.
Yeah, that's that's all from my side.
That's everyone, yeah.
OK. Bye bye."
"Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, so the week is, you know first part of the week we had pretty much fingers crossed on the decertification because, you know, it's always like you know we were, you know it has been prepared really well, but you know, every time when we had decertification you know we had issues.
So this time we went for the manual one and it went.
I mean.
It couldn't be it couldn't go smoother than that.
So like you know, good preparation.
I'm I'm really happy because all these are preparation and and the team supporting and Pat's Pat's seeing over it.
It's really great as well so.
No.
It's not like that.
I mean, he's he's moving more.
He's he's really more like, you know, we would learn.
I mean, after awhile we we had a good TA.
Our TA was attached to the team and studying really well on this one on the project.
Um?
And then also, yeah, I will spend more like he is always keep keep the developers and UX people on course.
So I mean, as I explained it more, like know if if the team feel like you know the person who's really care is really mold, you know they they might be doing doing better.
Yeah, so the latter part.
You know it's it's more or less testing like you know we we came back to the screen again, so yeah.
Moss started integration testing.
Few bugs came in, so developers are, you know, fixing.
So that that's how.
You know we went.
So Intuit team came couple of days.
And then the non Intuit teams.
Currently it's only Joe and Dinusha and IT team there at the office today."
"Morning morning, Brian.
How's the winter setting up for you?
Has it started yet?
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Hello Marc.
Yep.
Yeah, I'll go next.
OK, oh OK. Alison you go.
K. So I will go next so Intuit.
It's the last day of sprint four, so.
Team is working on few bugs found in the integration testing.
And the same time once he's, you know, testing and closing, verifying those things to close the bugs.
And then in the afternoon we will have the sprint kickoff, which for the sprint five which will be starting from tomorrow.
Yeah, that's it.
OK. Alright then.
Yeah, and you too ok.
Bye."
"Why?
It's it's totally green these days Benoit.
Because we get the direct sunlight inside the house.
So it gets like you know you get a lot of kind of weeds all the time.
So, so I have to clean it every.
Every week or two.
Thanks, thanks.
Yeah i do we have about 10 catfish.
No, no, no they are they are never goes there but don't know with Lyle, you know being a boy.
All this is very mischevious.
Ah no.
Yeah, so on Intuit we have started the the sprint.
5 today.
And and they have a few like nice to have feedbacks on the silver release.
We have the we have published yesterday So what we're going to do is like since they're very nice to have features, we're going to try to manage that within the Sprint capacity.
With the current sprint at the the priorities you know, finishing off the the bulk tasks and.
Take the the feedbacks later.
Yeah, that's it from my side.
In what do you mean by shares certificate?
I mean what I have is the other certification of incorporation, but not.
Is it the share that?
Uh, that that I have Benoit.
Resolutions means from the from the.
Change of name?
Yeah that I have.
Original that I don't know.
Not not the share certificate.
Name change resolution.
I can definitely.
I mean I have I have it scanned as well so.
I can chat.
Let me let me check with the secretaries Benoit.
Yeah, let me.
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
OK Yep Yeah, sure I'll try.
Yeah, bye."
"Good good.
OK. Yeah, so Intuit.
Sprint 5 going along nicely.
I no blockers there, but I mean just just few minutes ago Sarah sent us an email where the in Intuit client is having a query about there's a significant drop on the training an.
Taking certifications.
So we need to investigate that.
But I mean according to Sarah it's normal for the September month, but I mean we will.
We will just invite, investigate that briefly an try to find an answer.
So that's that's all from our side.
Sure, sure Benoit.
Alright, do that.
It's alright.
There's a yeah.
I'm also getting an echo."
"How was your weekend all?
Yeah Brian, you don't seems to be convinced about when I said weekend.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
Is.
It was good Grand Prix it was good, not if you're a Ferrari fan.
I'm sorry Paolo.
But it's an Italian team that won anyway, so an.
I contacted my friend at work there.
I can't believe it.
You won a Grand Prix guys?
I mean you know.
In the second one, in what 10 years?
Or something like that?
That was awesome anyway, and the French guy as well.
You know?
Ann I see it was 96.
But yeah, yeah, it's about.
It's about that, yeah?
Only give Panice.
Yeah yeah, yeah.
Alright, OK. What's up for this week guys?
Who want to start?
OK, cool.
Asiri, you want to go next.
OK, Cool Alison.
OK good good good and.
Not Paolo.
Cool Marc right sorry I'm in the middle of something.
Show welcome to.
Yeah, I'm I'm not to bother.
About this action.
Going to planner or team or inside because it just like a bit of coding really.
It's nothing else on that an.
But what's gonna be important is.
Us in the call to be able to interact with Fruut, so being able to call Fruut say OK Fruut summarize me.
The list of all the actions you have.
It can, as disambiguation at that point, blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I think that.
Just.
OK. OK, And.
Yeah, sorry.
OK OK cool an FYI I have to get the full family tested.
For Covid today, so, uh, I just saw the Times and it's just like it's at one and half hour of drive and it's at 1:30 I believe or something like that might impact me.
Paolo, for the second interview.
I'm not too sure.
Who is this Canada candidate?
OK, in this case I will confirm my when the tests are done.
And we might have to move it.
We might have to move it.
Otherwise I will have to see him again.
Ok OK, so um, if she can move it to the end of the day, that would be you know from 4:30 that would be better off.
Yeha for 4:30, yes.
Ann hi, it's all fine mate.
It is just like people are having a cold and you know.
Now you need to get check everybody.
Just fucking crazy.
An because our little one has a bit of fever and chills, runny nose, and cough.
But she's fine, you know.
She's fine, just like you can't send Tobian to school, obviously because they suspect.
It might be that it might be nothing Jen can't go to work.
I mean, I'm fine, obviously.
And they say, Oh, don't test only her test.
Everybody at the same time.
No kidding, no kidding.
They're doing 2200 thousand a day.
That's everybody we need the number to go.
So yeah, we'll see.
And if we have it, believe you me, we absolutely fine.
Yeah, OK. And alright.
Anything else, anyone else?
Yeah, sure, absolutely.
OK, thank you everybody.
Thank you."
"Hello.
On on that on this one.
Marc, sorry to interrupt you.
Um.
Is the disambiguation done?
Automatically or done on demand of the participant.
Uh, one is Memo need to interrupt or Fruut mean to interrupt the conversation.
The second one is, you know, at the end of the meeting like this can say if it will.
Can you summarize?
Can you summarise the OR a Fruut.
Sorry, can you summarize the actions and in that case that's where it will do disambiguations.
Oh or maybe there is another approach I don't know.
It seems.
It would be so.
So are you saying are you saying straight away during the conversation?
So we having a conversation and Memo interrupt us, Fruut interrupt us?
So it's not.
It's not us that are being proactive about, you know.
Asking a summary at the end, or or whatever and I and at that point we summarize any ask disambiguation questions.
Well, the messages is an interesting one.
I didn't think about that.
OK, OK. OK cool good good sorry for Brian and Alison I missed you I'm.
Just for your informations maybe this week or maybe Monday, Tuesday.
Next week I will be away for a few days, my Granddad died.
This morning that's alright, it's alright, it's alright.
It was, you know, had a.
Long life on.
For a man of his age is is not a bad thing.
I'm.
So yeah, so I would have.
I don't know if I can, I don't know if I can go to France yet.
I'm not sure I have to check on that.
So I had my daughter test which she was worse.
We had to test whether this morning for her not not not anyone else but for her.
And she was negative, so again.
Yeah, but we knew it was just the flu or not a flu a cold, you know and a fever.
Those days I had to drive 3 and half hours yesterday.
No.
Thursday.
Thursday that's after a lot.
20 minutes, 20 minutes.
Under it 20 minutes with what I see is there today.
At.
It's.
No, no, no.
It's more West.
Sorry yeah.
Yeah, exactly Gloucestershire.
Yeah.
How get further away from.
Cerestar Yes I was like 30 minutes from captive.
Or maybe you'll be I.
But yeah, it it was ridiculous.
It was ridiculous, but the guys were really nice and.
You stay in your car.
It's funny they make you do your own test, meaning the accuracy of.
How long do you stick it in your nose how deep you stick it is.
Is is really questionable and on your throat as well and.
And we I try to do it at my to my son first so my daughter will see it's not a big deal and he was like gagging and high crying.
And you know because you have to put in the throat and so and after she didn't want to do it so it took some.
Effort it's.
And Sandra's was I I I said to Sandra and Leanne yesterday in the call and she said Oh my neighbors.
So I I she live in Wokingham or in reading so my neighbors had one in Newbury.
I just I just what the hell?
I mean I live like 25 minutes from Newbury.
It's ridiculous.
What were you saying?
Anyway.
But and and we're saying with my wife is just like imagine someone who is really poorly, you know, not poorly.
You know, not done well to go to the hospital, but proper cold, you know good 39 degrees fever.
I mean well.
How does he drive a, you know?
7 hours to go to Oh no sorry yeah.
Three hours to go to to the stuff anyway.
It is done, but they will organize all this in your car.
You give it.
So.
OK. You know when you do it and you'd like 99.9% sure you don't have it.
It's fucking annoying.
Anyway.
Yeah, and plenty of people have will have it.
I have nothing at all.
More.
I don't know.
That you know, yeah, my daughter had a fever, and had a runny nose bad.
And she was tired.
But the next day she she's fine.
So you know, it's just like but the school will not let you go back until you have.
The confirmations.
Oh yeah.
Oh no, because she still have a runny nose so I will keep up with my son that has nothing whatsoever.
As soon as we've his result.
I said back, but you know, she at least she has already knows an you know.
OK, so she wouldn't.
She will stay home for another day just just try to be better.
And you know, if the other kid catch her any know they're gonna have to go through the same process.
It's painful for the parents, so that's enough, but.
You know, having all the family stuck at home, no.
Anyway.
I keep it.
And alright cool.
My point of view.
Obviously.
It just BC is very important, so thank you for the diagrams.
That looks really good.
I would love sometimes to just.
Make them looks little bit more technical, not technical bad.
Almost to be boring.
But I don't really know what that means.
You know what I mean?
So, so we we are not going to go there, but I I don't know.
Sometimes I think we still have our marketing agency, you know we put some color and stuff and it it's good.
I think it's good.
But I.
No, no, no, that's not what I mean to be honest, but.
Yeah, I I they are good.
I think they have quite a bit of detail so let's see what the Microsoft people says now with that.
An so that is important Salesforce starter.
I'm sorting them out because our pending my bloody back.
So think that how for the next phase, really.
And what else?
I have a interview yet I have to catch up with you.
Marc.
If you have 5 minutes.
About the interview yesterday.
How long we had your interview yesterday was not.
That's not bad.
I thought as well.
I want to see the person today.
Yeah.
He did so badly at the test.
My test.
So so so badly.
And we gave I. I think I gave him a few pointers here and there as as we went and I don't know why.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm a bit mean to you.
You want it more because you know the first time he might have come.
You know, in the first interview go when you add the second interview that it can be the last one.
If you really want it, he might be a little bit anxious, I guess I don't know.
There was a CTO in the room switch can impress him, which it shouldn't.
But it impressed him a little bit or made him anxious maybe.
I think he didn't do too badly.
I think it's just like.
My concern is he seems to be a little bit.
Have some principles.
So like the world is black or white.
Uh, I don't think he's as bad as that, but I think in commercial software building this lot more Gray than black and White things on others.
And how was I anyway?
We'll catch up on this one after, yeah?
OK, so that's really me for today.
Yes, I have.
I think I have, yeah.
I will, Brian yesterday at asked me to do training for his team or chatbot building.
And And you know it's something we've tried to established for all new starter.
And I need all new starter.
They we explained about chatbot a little bit about data model.
Regardless if you are a project manager or.
Different, but I'm.
And we explain about our model.
We explain about, you know.
Kind of.
The Intent entity mappings.
How you build your training, examples and so on.
So on all the good stuff you know, Alison.
So we explain about that and we ask people to build a 20 intent model.
That is a model that answers questions about themselves.
OK.
So about yourself.
You know the subject, your name, your age.
Have you got kids?
Your jobs?
What's your hobby?
Where do you live?
Blah blah blah?
OK, so they it's easy to find 20, 20 things.
And we ask them to build a model just like that.
So you map you bootstrap and and you build your models.
And then after a we look at it, Alison and I look at it.
And obviously, you know you find some really, really big gaps.
I think you know what Leanne's model we broke it in.
Unit you know ya know but.
Just looking at it, you know they haven't chosen TD properly for example and so on, but.
The idea is not break it, it's to show them how difficult it can be to be something that.
She thought when she gave it to us, it was pretty solid.
She tested it manually.
And me testing it.
I ask the age of your kids and I get Leanne's age.
You know where the edge of her kids was an answer in the model.
OK so just to show her how easy it is to get a full sense of confidence about the model.
Then after we ask them to try to fix it again.
It translate to fix it yourself and you know going manually through what most people do.
And you know, hopefully we can break it again and then after is to show them QBox.
Here we show them QBox.
We show them the reason so.
They have experienced the frustrations and.
The difficulty of doing it manually.
And the insight that QBox gives you.
OK, and moving the thinking from it makes sense to me to what does mass machine see and think?
In in in their thought at least and.
So that is pretty much the idea of the exercise.
Yeah.
And Brian asked me to do that.
So, uh, for his team, so I will do it for a his teams, what?
And I think it's a great initiative because I think you know.
We are meant to be the specialist of chatbot and.
You know 90% of our peoples.
I take away the scientist but 90% of the people do not know what it takes to build a data model.
OK so I see it as a great initiatives, an as I thought about that.
Ah.
We have tried to do that for new starter and an you know the one that went furthest.
Was Leanne actually that gave us a model that we could test.
The first model, that we could test, then after she can do the next steps and so on.
So on and and you know work comes in the way, and so on.
And it's.
Knowing that it's not a freaking excuse.
Okay.
And those are all those didn't even give us a models Ray didn't give us a model.
Sandra never did it.
Quite a lot of people that we asked never did it, so yeah, I thought you know what?
This is not right.
You know, we ask them as part of an induction to do something and they don't do it.
And.
Do you know how much am I holding them accountable for it?
And I'm I'm not.
And I'm not actually.
That is a pain in my back.
OK, I'm so I'm thinking from from Brian an you know request.
I think I'm gonna make that complete.
Sorry for everybody.
And everybody's gonna have to do it in three months.
I meets the objectives and if you don't meet an objective, you have a word with me.
Because I don't see why people would be exempt from.
You know, imagine you started a job in a new role.
Then they ask you to learn about their particular.
You know it's it's.
It's a share trading and you know nothing about share trading.
You are gonna have to learn about share trading.
Why us we?
We are, you know, I know you can do most of your jobs.
All your job without knowing that does.
No, James need to know that.
Yeah, it's questionable, but is it gonna help him at some point when you work on QBox or or when there is a conversation in meetings about you know problems between intent and entity and and they don't even understand?
What does that word exactly mean?
I think it must be a little bit needs engaging.
Alright, so that's what I'm thinking, but I was keen to get your point of view on that.
Oh, you see, it doesn't apply too much to your team Alison.
I mean they have all been keen at the beginnings uh because if you take, I mean Sandra was the 1st to go through it.
It was a lot less structure at the time, Ray as well.
No Ray was the first, actually.
Uh.
And and they all start and they all get the the one hour explanation from Benoit about you know.
A model doesn't answer the question, it just tells you what the question is about and and that I know little bit of the mechanics.
And then they, like you know, we go to Luis and we build the beginning of a model.
They all go there.
But they never finish it.
It's like a developer trying trying a new piece of technology.
You know, it kind of making it work, ish not production ready and that's it.
And it's it may be my fault.
Maybe I should have said a little bit more of.
This is what we have this is what will get.
This is a step we're going to go through.
So you know that I could I take that as they were keen, but then after you know, I guess, work got in the way.
And each time I talk to you know Ray about it.
So yeah, I need to finish it.
And it's a bit like I'm I'm looking at very much into what Patrick does in the sales team and accountability is enormous.
Enormous.
In the morning if you come and you haven't done what you said you haven't done, you were gonna do.
Gosh, you better have a good explanation.
And.
And he will hold you accountable massively.
Which is maybe a little bit extreme, but not the sales team, you know.
But that said, You know, holding people accountable's quiet please is very important.
And I think that's what we're all missing, by the way, me, I am not holding you guys accountable enough.
I think on some subjects you guys are not holding people accountable enough on their stuff.
You know, we take for example, um.
Uh.
Certifications AI certification for the developer team we talk about it a year and half ago.
Nobody has one and now I'm sure there are other examples, you know.
But yeah, anyway it it doesn't matter what we have done, it's more like how are we going to try to do it a little bit better in the future.
A little more accountable, but accountable in a way of you know.
Not not Al la Patrick, you know with a stick your hand but more like OK, why are you not able to do it?
What is it?
I'm here to support you as a manager.
You know?
Understanding, you know is that the prime of time is at the prime of you know will is that the prime of and making sure people understand why it's important.
You know, I'm if we take a Tanya for example or James, you know?
What does he understand, James, when we go in the QBox meeting and we see all these diagrams and and and how does that relate?
To him.
What we're trying to achieve, and I think it's it's it's a struggle, so I think we are failing him in some way.
By not arming him with the right set of information?
That's a very good point.
That's a very good point Marc.
That should be.
That should make it definitely.
Not that that's, you know, that's salient because it's time we we just need to establish a little bit of process so people know exactly what's expected from them.
But I can do that.
Oh and yeah.
It's from my point of view.
It's not so much, but it's a personal view.
For me, it's not so much about being good at it.
It's about because that's not your job.
It's about understanding the problem that people are facing.
Having experience, you know, you know how we are.
We love to solve, especially the ex developers.
Maybe Alison as well, but we solve something because it has been a pain in our arse.
Let's be honest.
You know if something is a pain in your arse and you know there is a better way, you know you.
You kind of solve it but you need to have experienced it.
You know people are people who are building QBox.
Building QBox, you know?
How many of them have really experienced data modeling and the difficulty?
The challenge behind data modeling?
So really, for me it's it's not so much the fact you break it.
Breaking it is super easy.
Usually when, especially when you bootstrap and you have no knowledge and that.
What our client says.
And when I say client, it's not only QBox Client.
It's also people like American Red Cross.
They build a chatbot, but they they they don't, and I I I.
Disagree on that with our Salesforce.
But he's selling it.
Trying to talk about those problems but not have not experienced them.
So you cannot relate.
You cannot relate to those problems.
You you know my my and I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna derive a little bit for a second.
My sister was a travel agent.
OK, she was a travel agent.
And she was selling plenty of.
She knows companies that create those those packages.
So not only one company plenty.
She has to travel the most of any person I have ever seen.
And you know why is because so she has been.
You know Mauritius, Maldives, blah blah blah.
I imagine you know.
And she was going to the hotel, an experience it an that was paid by the by, not by our travel agent company but by the one that sell all that provide those services to the travel agent.
So they sell it to clients.
So by the providers.
And and and there are things for that.
I said, how come there?
You know now giving you like 6, 7, 8 grand you know experience for free you know and an often you know it was every three months you know she was going and all her colleagues as well.
And she said because then, after when you have experienced it?
You can sell it so much better.
You know, and you can relate to the client when the client Yeah but blah blah blah.
You know you know my skin is very pale so I'm really worried to be burned out and you get so yeah, but you know in morning actually from at 5:00 o'clock it's got to be dark all you can you know you have this real.
You can be empathetic with people.
Yeah, it's an interesting one.
Because so far.
What we have done is we have done us just testing the intent.
You know, do you get the right intent?
Ah and yeah, they build their own answer in the Excel spreadsheet itself, but that that never goes anywhere.
If there was an easy way to plug it into a BBC file and for, that could be quite valuable because they will understand as well.
You know the work of the client and variables and and something like that.
It's like, you know, and.
I mean that that will be a difficult examples in.
In BBC but uh.
I tried to explain to Leanne for example, yeah, your age is whatever.
She is 33 or 34.
And your age is 34, but that's this year.
What about next year?
Yeah, next year you're not 34.
I'm sorry to say.
You know, as much as you want it, it's not how it works, so you understand you need a dynamic answer, so maybe it will be great to have some kind of things like that.
If it was simple, I would do it because I think it's a good add-on.
That's more Paolo to to to advise then.
OK. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, because that could be almost the last steps.
OK, so you have it.
You have your models ready, great, great great.
Now you finish your chatbot with your answers would be good to have one dynamic answer in it where it's.
I don't know how we can make in the dynamics without making it super complicated.
OK, that that that would be great, but have a look Paolo.
So Paolo, you've been awfully quiet um.
What's your thoughts?
Yeah, yeah, I think it it it needs to be a bit yeah.
Yeah, it it needs a little bit more published structure.
That they can follow, because then after you know for example, I I would refute what what is saying to you because the action was on him to finish his models and to send it back to me which I'm not entirely sure that he has done that maybe has and I miss emails but he never checks in that case or or or he hasn't.
Anyway, the doesn't really matter.
But yeah, we will publish a bit of a structure or what's expected at each point.
Ah and ah, everybody can can do it and get the certification on that.
OK, and I think I will make it compulsory except for the data scientist thing, because that will be.
A little bit hey developer, can you build a hello world and you will be in charge of that.
OK, sure.
OK Alright guys.
OK, let I will take that as an action for.
Alright cool guys, let's not make it more transcription then.
Have a lovely day and speak to you later.
Take care bye."
"Unless they want to go to the office it to control where it's a bit like you know.
It doesn't seem to make sense so much, but hey ho.
Virus people are so worried of the unknown.
Ah OK, Marc should be.
Maybe his GP appointment last week OK we'll start then.
The How are you on this lovely Friday?
God that bad?
I heard the Saturday is gonna be quite a nice day.
Yeah, one day it's not that they have not yet.
Yeah, yeah, I don't know.
But usually the day I'm not here so I'm not here.
Monday is absolutely fantastic weather.
Typical, isn't it?
And yeah buddy Yeah.
Tell me we have we have a.
Obviously we have three ceremonies.
And it's gonna be baking.
I think it's something like 34 degrees, awesome.
Yeah anyway.
So I'm gonna be off Monday Tuesday.
Let me start I'm gonna be off Monday, Tuesday, Monday.
I'm not reachable honestly.
So except if something is is on fire an an WhatsApp me but otherwise you know avoid please but Tuesday I'm driving guys so don't hesitate you know I have 10 hours to kill in the car.
So if you want to call me even just to say hello that would be a blessing because I.
Absolutely long and lonely.
But yeah.
I start to get used to it now.
OK, cool an how is your week?
Who want to start? 
Asiri?
Yeah, I think it's much better than Marc was.
We are looking back, we're talking.
It's key testing because you know there's no real secret here.
Had sometimes has trouble on some projects.
You know I and it's funny how you know.
Sometimes people are just average.
But it's because maybe, you know, we haven't found their right?
Sweet spot.
An it seems like.
You know Intuit is a lot more suited.
To his skill set and he can do.
Maybe better output.
So yeah, always quite good food for thought sometimes.
Yeah.
True, true true, but you know, I mean Pat has been with us how long Marc?
Seven years.
Yes.
Nine years, fuck me.
Uh.
Nine years it's.
It's from my point of view, it's about the time he is doing the best.
Not sure what you think Marc, but.
An an you know it's it's good.
I think it's really good.
It's really good and I think it's just like you know it's like chemistry you know what the team needs, what he likes to do, how he likes to get involved, how the team likes, seem to get involved.
It just seems to work.
Anyway, good job thanks.
Huh?
OK cool cool Alison you want to go next.
Sorry, just on this one.
She should be doing the transcript.
For all the all these meetings everyday.
OK, regardless if she need it or not.
OK, she needs to do it every day because she will need it.
She will ultimately, at some point you will need it or she will have to prove to us she doesn't need it.
Right now she said I have enough.
Why on what basis?
You know, have you proved too?
Yeah, but but why?
Why does she say an hour and half of time is good.
What, what is that basis that says?
This is where we're going to get the maximum value?
Out of the maximum performance out of the models.
It's kind of at some point you need to be empirical's and you need to say you know what I have.
5 hour's and my model is at 90%.
Let's say whatever an I have added another five hours and I'm still at 90%.
And I have added another five hours and I'm still at 90%.
It means you have reached your peak, but it's just we need to challenge the data scientist.
Why, why, why why an hour?
Well wait, wait or two hours or 8 hours or what where does it come from?
And how do you prove it?
So she need to transcribe transcribe every day.
All these meetings.
This is part of a daily task she has to do.
OK. OK. Yep.
I think I think also on the YouTube video.
I want us specially if you have time guys.
I want us.
To think about.
How would you do over 5 videos for example?
Uh.
The more more teaching type video.
So not about not about the QBox.
What about improving a model?
You know, and about the difficulty.
We have difficulty you have by yourself.
You know.
Explaining really all this rationale.
It's a difficulty why it's difficult, you know you think like a human machine, things like a machines that are that the.
And do this kind of mini series about you know.
10 minutes video, 8 minute video each an over five or six video, two or three, or four.
Whatever you know, you help.
You help for a little bit like.
You know, people that are lost a little bit of people that are struggling.
How would you help them?
OK QBox is gonna be part of it of course, but it's more like.
No, how do you help them through the model?
I know you you are using QBox but we don't want.
Of course we're gonna use QBox at.
But you want to solve a problem you don't want to demo QBox.
That's what I'm trying to think about it, it might be it might be.
You know?
Maybe how to fix intent data overlapping?
OK, might have a mini series on how to fix intent overlapping side and the first thing is you will say you know I have that model.
When I test this it give me the wrong intent.
When I type that you give me the wrong intent, but they're very similar but not the same status.
So you you, you stop by the problem.
OK Ann and you explain little bit what's happening, the model?
Not necessarily QBox, you know, but and we can always script all that and help you of course.
But what's happening?
The model and then you start to say OK, so we need to.
We need to test it and you can.
You know you have multiple way to test it.
You might have a cross validation files and you can do your own k-fold that other or can use tools like QBox and you know and and use QBox and it's not about hiding the fact from QBox.
Because you can't, but you use QBox an and you run through the stuff, but the target is not to to show QBox and to teach QBox.
It's to fix the problem.
OK, 'cause I think that that might be also quite impactful in terms of marketing initiatives, I think.
Yeah yeah, and I'm sure Marc and I can help.
Yeah.
Too long.
It's too long.
Exactly exactly that.
That that was a big problem.
This is process is very much like it's another to everything else.
Meanings are we already at 2 minutes for for Lucy Model you can imagine now it's gonna take for quite a big.
It's a big Marc I had.
I have a 1030 catch up with him.
I added You if you can make it and maybe we can discuss that or why or with that OK. OK, thank you very much, alphabetically reverse.
That's gonna be Paolo.
Yeah.
OK.
Cool, thank you very much quick questions.
Vodafone's have they been sorted in term of they are able to have access with Just their Sign on.
OK. Alphabetically reverse order.
That's gonna be Marc wow.
Yep.
Yeah, if you want if you want it.
OK. OK.
Cool I'm?
Yeah, we need to define the Sprint I think for QBox that's very important the next one.
So I would like us to write to a point where we can get an agreement about what what the backlog priority and what's the what the next sprint or next couple of Sprint seems to look like an.
Say Hey, there's quite a lot of request from everywhere, so we just need to just say OK, what what the most important, but also what are the points that are gonna add 2 to the business like you know you had Zebra with their own stuff on monitorings.
I have stuff from the sales team as well around being able to support other engine and so on so so much.
So all that I think we it is known.
So that shouldn't be a surprise.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
OK.
Cool, I seems like Bell Canada is a go.
So Paulo the work you are going to you are doing that is very important because they think they will close with procurement on their side by the end of next week.
K so sooner than expected an and they are going for only 10 license so far, but it still I think overall is still 50 Grand Engagement for us.
So one of our biggest license.
It's our biggest license so it's twice Vodafone.
Oh the only RASA.
Yeah, only RASA.
But but they understand they are also keen because I have also other team that are having their own engine and they are quite keen to be able to compare engine side by side and the second can.
Can we test with our own engine and I said, You know we're looking at the solution with.
With some development and some API availability on your side, we will be able to tap in it, but you will have to follow a kind of structure that we have defined and the guy said yeah, no problem.
So again need to be dig into a lot more detail than that, but it seems to be it seems to be like.
It's expecting expecting that that we will have to do API on our side, I think and we had also 24/7 dot AI.
Exactly the same problem.
It's a big big company.
So I think, yeah, I think we they have seen the tools or Rob talked to them yesterday.
They have seen the tool before and they talk to Rob yesterday and they said Oh my gosh you have made so much progress so again quite interesting people in in in this area.
As much as I'm the first ones in not going fast enough you know ultimately you know from people from outside.
We're still we're still bulldozing.
It's true I'm, which is good.
OK, And.
I should add another items for you, Marc.
Which I cannot remember.
So anyway, OK, cool.
And Brian didn't know that he was always gonna get you the last one.
Ha ha ha.
OK good good good good at.
I remember what I wanted to tell you Marc American Red Cross can we?
Have an extract from team of our spend on that.
'Cause team used to do it, and I haven't seen one for like.
July.
So I just so we understand our spend because he was really was really on top of it until it started to come close to the stuff after we had nothing so OK. Alright an Oh yes Paolo Super Super important for me to check.
Did you put our when you installed it on their subscription?
Did you put our partner code?
No, I sent you something like months ago couple of times about how when you install something in UARM, think it's an LMO.
You know how you have to put our?
How how you have to put our code so?
The cost they pay.
Oh OK, we need to see how we we can do that because then what it means.
It means you know.
That's still pay for Microsoft, but the consumptions is attributed to us meanings from Microsoft point of view.
We are partner and generate money to them.
I sent it to you twice because last time you couldn't find it.
So I send again.
So you really have to work on your classification.
But did we not choose an ARM company?
Because that that would be a blow if we can't associate our.
Partner.
What?
But what?
What was the name of the girl?
Do you remember Marc the name of the girl?
That take care of the the PDM.
Uh.
The name of the girl that was a technical person as a PDM.
Simi.
Simi.
there's gonna be an email from Simi, but I will have forwarded to you.
Yeah I will.
I have a quick look.
As well.
Yeah alright, I will have a look and it's.
Is it ARM the right name for the?
OK. OK, I will have a look.
Set alarm to create.
OK, now we have.
We don't all need to stay on this meeting.
Anyway, Marc is chatting with someone.
It seems quite funny.
Alright.
Sorry.
What what feature?
Oh no.
I haven't.
Oh yeah, it's in the three dart.
Anne, it's like large Gallery preview.
No, it's good good to get a preview mode.
I didn't enable full page and I have it.
Hello.
I don't know why they've done that.
Is fucking terrible, I think.
Oh my gosh, OK.
It's really easy yeah, yeah.
Yeah anyway.
OK.
Cool.
Alright, see you later guys.
Bye."
"Hello Brian you ok?.
Oh it's.
Grey Blue, Yeah it's grey blue, I mean it.
Mainly blue actually.
I mean, yeah, it's better trip quite blue.
Yeah, yeah.
I checked this morning swimming swimming pool is still at 27.5 degrees.
Yeah.
Good morning.
It's nothing compared to Asiri's swimming pool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Poor Asiri living in a mansion.
Asiri's Asiri's house is absolutely beautiful.
It's it.
It's really, really beautiful.
How an so yeah.
I mean, who gets a pond in their house inside?
Do you still have it?
What?
Yeah, not too dangerous with the kids.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah exactly.
You like your boy will be so happy your girl will be different.
Are we waiting on anyone?
An Paolo Yeah, you just have to mention his name.
You see?
Good morning Paolo.
How beautifully you know only only only Paolo can put it like that, you know.
Alright, maybe let's start for you Paolo.
I see you in the office.
Oh no, they should.
There should be one.
Paolo, I believe.
Yeah no no yeah it.
It's really badly done.
You have to sort photo, pick that then at the bottom it says did that helps and you say no and then after you can write the ticket.
Ha ha ha yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it's it's a bit like you know, yeah, it's it's please do not contact me type tops right?
OK, I mean the sorry, the two of them that are very important.
The tracking is super important for awhile, an kind of Microsoft profile as a company.
Get recognized for this consumption is very very important.
Can you?
Are you putting the tracking code at the resource group level or or?
Do you have to put it for every single component?
OK, and are you going to be able to put it after because they always told me at Microsoft?
You absolutely, absolutely, absolutely have to put into a new credit resource.
Yeah, OK. OK cool, thanks Paolo for doing that and quick question for me on RASA  have.
We tested the command line.
Approach for.
And that's and that's using the command line within the API.
Or is it using their API they have?
Huh?
Yeah.
But but what's gonna happen when we want to update the version of of RASA?
Yeah, I know I'm.
I know, but you Remember Remember they're gonna they're gonna have control around that part because they're going to be able to release.
New versions of their pipeline, isn't it?
So assume new version of RASA.
Is that correct?
Have we have we I I have a feeling we still haven't tried the command line creating our own web services using the command line because the command line are not gonna change and we can control that.
OK, but that's what the client advised us to do and they have a lot of experience in RASA so.
Oh yeah.
No, but I guess when it's done after we are little bit more little more independent of the client making change because otherwise it's just they are going to make a change.
They're gonna have to contact us.
Is gonna be broken.
It's going to create a support now going to be blocked for, you know there's a time we we pick, pick the tickets and and fix it.
It's not gonna be ideal.
Whether ther 1 is a little bit more independent.
And I heard I'm not sure if you experience that, but I heard that running the same things through their API and the command line is faster through the API execution time, which makes no sense to me.
But the execution times being faster on the command line.
Have you tried that or not?
OK. Yeah, but nothing noticeable really.
OK.
Which which make a lot more sense than what I read, but OK. OK yeah, which we don't need to be honest, OK?
Yeah, which is what I've heard as well.
I've heard the api is extremely badly designed so far.
Maybe it will be very much better in version 2.0, but you know.
I don't know.
OK, cool, an anything else Paolo.
OK Alison, you want to go next.
Oh he is not there?
Oh shit.
Wow, OK. And how long is it gonna take you about for the next 3 four days?
Every day.
What do you think Marc?
OK, yeah, that's a good point.
Alright, let's do it.
Alison, And.
Yeah.
Yeah, And and we follow the review, you have done before maybe how much QBox can automate right now with all the reviews you have done before.
About you remember.
If you don't, it's OK. Oh, really cool already.
Really good.
And hopefully they might not all require retraining so.
OK, you know, let's let's carry on would be interesting for you to money to start to monitor now at this stage of the project.
How?
How much training is for?
Does it takes, you know, 'cause?
I'm really keen to understand and you know pre live and post live you know is the training effort.
I'm not sure if my camera is the right way around, but is the training effort going down like that, you know.
And and what are we talking about?
You know getting the the stats like or now QBox you know does 50% automatically great so 50% you don't have to.
Care about an and then you have another 50%.
And out of this 50%.
Really only 5% is wrong, and out of those 5%, two percent are irrelevant, so some kind of stats around 2% and 3% need retraining.
So kind of had a little bit like, you know, 'cause you should see the retraining aspect.
Going down and down and down because then after what's going to be captured.
Or review and captured incorrectly.
Are gonna be things.
That's more and more becoming irrelevant or outside the agreed topics of the model.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a good thing it's a really good things.
I think even if you try to break it and try to find the limit because you know at some point I assume some people testing it.
Even if they break it they would say yeah, OK that that that's Fair, but I understand you know this is really extremely complicated questions and and that's fair enough.
So let's not worry too much.
Yeah, I'm thinking.
I mean, I'm thinking about this data can always been used.
I will show you what I've done yesterday in a second, but you know the more data you have, the more the more you can talk an.
You know, talk with data.
You know, I'm not sure if you listen a Max.
Uh.
Web web cast web post podcast sorry podcast.
It's fine, but the man said.
things that he can't back up.
You know when you say Oh most people can't or what what?
Where do you take that from?
You know how did you get to that conclusions and Ann and when you do that you lose credibility and it's not about a podcast, it's about.
Being able to discuss with people with prospect future client and say, Hey look, here's the data we we we have.
On one particular client, and here's a trend we saw and schedule.
It shows that when you show things like that to client and the client had no idea they are like, gosh, they know so much more than us.
And as soon as you're there, you become the partner they want to work with.
OK. Alright, I should have mentioned it much earlier in the project.
I should have solved so anyway.
OK.
I'm Asiri.
Yeah.
OK cool cool Marc.
So do you?
Do you mean it was a user error?
Hi Yeah.
Do you think I could put an action on you?
I can say hey Fruut actions for Marc to send me the documentations.
Come on.
Hey Fruut actions for Marc.
Hi Fruut.
Actions for Marc.
To send the documentation for the API by tomorrow lunchtime.
OK. OK, cool, I and that serious, by the way.
I have a meeting with 2424 seven tomorrow, even if it's just draft, it's absolutely fine.
That's it.
OK at Brian.
OK, thank you Brian.
I'm Asiri.
Quick question.
Do we have Cogcom share certificate?
Let me try to find out what they want with the ask for the original share certificate for both.
Subsidiary, did the share certificate for volume technologies centre and the name change resolutions for 2 Cogcom?
The resolutions.
Oh the change of name.
But do you have the original cell shared certificate?
OK. You have nothing around shares certificate for Cogcom or any of the people work for Cocgom that says.
Sorry, not Cogcom volume technologies centre blah blah blah.
Who are the directors who own the fact that volume own the company at 100% shareholding and so on and so on?
Yep.
Yeah OK cool cool cool alright?
OK, I will reply to Simon you and this you in this email.
OK. An I just wanted to show you that just talking about the numbers.
Ann can you see why my PowerPoints?
Yeah, OK, cool so I'm.
Again, you know it it on on the same idea about trying to get data Marc an Alison on these are kind of key starts I have taken from.
From QBox so it's you know year on year increase.
Or year to date increase 106% in number of user 137% in number of paid user.
90% increase in model testing an.
Client model improvement.
57% in correctness, 33 in confidence, 98% in class.
Pretty.
Yeah yeah a really good site where you could start.
Here is the number of users between 2008 and 2009.
I didn't do that.
Ask the start between 2008 and 29 because they all looks like 500 percent, 800 person because eight we had nobody.
So I did from 19 to 20 and again 20 is far from finished.
But here is where we are so.
And 100% growth an on the number of user.
On the number of paid user even more.
Alright, and there's more to comes on.
The number of model testing and 100% growth for most, so we will exceed that because we are nine months out of out of 12 an.
And on the improvement made by the client 2019.
Was that an 2020?
Is that for correctness?
Confidence and clarity.
OK, so that just allowed us to show some stuff to the client.
You know your client start to say.
You know?
You know why?
Why should I use it?
What is it for me that'd I said, look, you know we double our pay clients.
There must be a reason that mean we keep we keep retention.
Plus we add we add the next the next slot.
Obviously that double the number of model tests, which does make sense, so the story adapt.
It's also you know them of improvement what that means.
OK, so.
I'm not sure we have historical data for that.
I'm but the most important.
Ultimately, yes, scaling is important, but that's not the most important.
The most important is are they improving their model.
Ultimately 'cause a lot of our client.
They don't come with.
I have a great model but I can't scale it again.
'Cause.
I have a bad model and I can't scale it.
OK Alright I'm OK cool.
Alright everybody an I think I have just one demo today and no it has been just pushed the eBay demo has been pushed to Friday so I have no demo today.
Oh no I have a buyer the big farmer so that's about it for me.
OK. Alright, So what I'm gonna do but.
OK, but that's about it.
Yet that important to share?
OK, anything else?
Anyone else?
Yeah, OK, good luck with your interview, Paolo.
Marc let us know on the API is on and everything.
Asiri if you let me know on you are on on the paper.
Work, he said he can find another solution if we can't find it, but if we can get an answer from the secretary today, that would be great.
OK. Alright Thanks guys, have a lovely day.
Bye."
"Hey Alison.
Yeah, OK, thanks you alright?
Good.
Yeah.
Hey Marc who's in who is in?
Hey Asiri.
It could be.
Yeah, it could be dust could be something lurking in the air con, I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who wants to go first?
Go for it.
Oh Oh OK. Yeah, go for it.
I didn't.
Cool I can on UX James is continuing to work on Fruut.
He's also putting together a whole list of some sort things that we he thinks we can improve on in terms of the app in terms of UI and user flow.
So he's going to present that to me later this afternoon and then we'll just go through that list and review that with him on QBox.
I'm just continuing to work on the development for the for the story I'm working on.
We had a couple of issues yesterday with the QBox app.
Just technical ones, and obvious with Bryn not being here it took me and Halldor just a little bit longer than normal to resolve it, but it was fine in the end.
Yeah yeah, so that's us.
No, so this is something I'm gonna approach Benoit with 'cause I think, well, I mean for for James, No.
But I mean it's it's less important for him 'cause he's he doesn't work in QBox.
But definitely for Farrah.
I don't think Farrah has.
Um, so that's something I'm gonna go.
To Benoit with, and um.
See if we can do the chatbot training that he does with all the new starters.
I think that might be a good thing for actually even from us for myself as well actually.
So yeah, maybe all three of us could do that.
I've I mean it's more important for Farrah with regards to how?
'cause Yeah, she develops QBox.
Yeah, it will be a bit more complex than that I think.
So OK, yeah, so actually action for Benoit, well too talk about the chatbot training.
It's tough, useless, bloody technology action for Benoit.
The to talk about the chatbot training with UX team.
It didn't pick me up did it?
For God sake.
Action.
OK. Yeah, that's it.
So.
Who?
Yes, I guess that's it, have good days everyone.
Cool, catch you later, bye."
"Yeah, well you know just on my own.
So yeah, just did gardening Saturday.
Probably the highlight and just watched sport yesterday.
Do you watch the Grand Prix?
Yeah, Benoit It was ridiculous.
It was so good.
No.
On it.
Yeah.
8.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah, yeah, just winner since what 9 95.
I think I even saw that race.
It was harness in Monaco, Yeah?
Yeah it was.
Yeah, in more Monaco I think isn't it, yeah.
Yeah.
I can start, I'm so James is on on Fruut, not too much developments do today, but he's he presented to me his sort of ideas for sort of small things.
we can tweak we can do for to improve Fruut.
I agree with some disagreed with some stuff.
Sent it back to refine that, so Marc having we want to present that to you later today probably this afternoon, so will will do that, so that'll take most of his day.
I think while he gets up ready myself, I'll be working on QBox today.
And just carry on with the Sprint so Farrah's back tomorrow.
I'm so yeah.
Yeah all good.
Yeah.
No Benoit can I catch you after the call was Alright?"
"Sorry guys, hey yeah I didn't see I didn't.
I have it's weird I don't get any notifications now.
I don't know why.
Oh Should we get going then?
Yes, let's get going.
Like we could.
Send the transcripts round.
We can always send the, send the transcripts around.
OK. Shall I start?
I don't mind.
So James is working on Fruut, so yesterday he presented some.
Tweaks and changes that we can make to Fruut.
So just really quick wins that we think are gonna.
Add a bit more value to the app or at least to the the user experience.
I know there's some good ones in there.
Some need a bit of tweaking so he's working on that this morning.
Also, he's looking at American Red Cross.
Paolo, I think his his changes haven't gone, haven't been delivered, so he's probably going to get in touch with you about that.
OK, I see.
Yes.
Yeah he he yeah he may have to clean it.
He looked this morning again and it still wasn't there so you might not yeah you might need to check them or he will check with you I think.
OK, cool um and on my side.
I'm just going to be working on QBox today Farrah is supposed to be back but she's she is ill so she's she's not with back.
She might be ill for a few days and she's got it pretty bad so.
So I'll be working on QBox.
An yeah, that's just spell it.
Yep.
Good.
Uh-huh where, where, where was it, the one in Newbury?
No, that's because.
Where?
The.
Seriously?
That's up by Cheltenham, isn't it?
There is.
This is up by, Stroud, isn't it?
But gosh, miles away.
Colchester, yeah.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Ah.
Yeah, there's one in Newbury.
At the race course.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
I'm I mean.
Yeah, I mean I'm.
I'm I'm quite surprised that no one has been have been been doing it.
But surprisingly, quite a lot.
Yeah.
So.
Bye."
"Hey guys, yeah I'm in the office I wanted.
Yeah, it's mainly client services today.
So it's yeah, I'll see.
It's Wednesday so it's all client services.
No.
Yeah, I wanted to come in all week.
But I couldn't come in yesterday because it was full.
Yeah, it's full yesterday so I thought I'll just come into today and tomorrow.
Yeah.
Uh just client services.
The.
Yeah, they're all.
Not working.
Well actually There's a load of people and none of them are at their desk.
Unless we get a coffee.
So yeah, I'll be in tomorrow so not yeah, I wanted to come yesterday as well.
Just wanted to do something different and just try working most of the week in the office.
Especially.
Yeah, they would probably well, yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Well, it is from Monday, isn't it?
You can't have more than six people.
So yeah, I don't know how that's going to affect.
Office.
Do you know where it is not OK?
Weddings can't be that many anyway, can they?
Exactly what's different?
Yep.
Yeah.
And actually to be fair it, it's it's.
It's more likely to be younger people who were working anyway.
And government don't literally need to care so much about young people.
It's the old people they kind of care for.
No, no.
Well, as in the young people, yeah.
Oh yeah, it was.
It was Kelly.
Kelly's waving us.
I forgot.
I was on video as well.
Oh.
That's quite embarassing.
So James is a little bit light today.
I'm working on a couple of small things that need need working on work."
"Hey guys, sorry bout that.
My uh.
If I my headset just decided to turn off.
So yeah, so James is.
He's working on one thing on American Red Cross this morning.
And then on Fruut, Marc.
I passed him.
I've asked James to start adding those items to to the backlog.
Um just more.
Because it'd be a nice exercise for him to actually write a story.
He's he's never done that before, so I'd be quite nice for him to.
Het him get him to learn how to do that.
'cause it takes a different way of thinking to write a story from when you're doing the development so he's gonna do that.
There's a couple of.
Things he can be doing on both QBox and Fruut website.
In terms of this, there's some technical debt, which I kind of want done really I wanted it done for a long time and never had time to do it.
So if he has time he'll get onto that.
But that should keep him busy for today and then Yep.
And was gonna actually yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Or it just.
Hasn't it just hasn't found it?
So yeah, there's that and then QBox so Farrah is off.
Still, she's yeah, she's pretty poorly for moment, so she's probably going to be off all week now, so I'm gonna continue to cover for her on that.
So yeah, I'll be working on that today.
Benoit's joined.
Hey Benoit.
That's everyone, yep.
Where did he go?
He Yeah at the moment it's only me Benoit.
Joe.
He's back tomorrow.
And Leanne.
They're the only people in tech anyway.
'cause the usual Anna, Amy, G. And finance are in.
But I'll be here.
That's all you need to know, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, alright, I'll catch you guys later.
So have a good one.
So yeah, bye."
"OK.
Very slightly distracting, but yeah.
Yeah.
Don't think he got here yet let's just start.
OK, so James is on American Red Cross this morning, he's.
It does, there's been a few issues where some most fixes are gone up, some haven't.
Some fixes have been overwritten, they've been broken again, so I think it's gone up on UAT now.
So he's doing testing this morning.
So he's just gonna make sure all that's fine and we can close that off.
You've got one.
There's one single piece for Fruut, just a small thing.
And then after that there's some technical debt on the Fruut and QBox websites which we need sorting out 'cause.
It's becoming an pain whenever we do an update, so and it's more on the CMS side, so he's going to tidy those up if he has time later today for myself.
QBox most of today all of today.
I'm slightly behind on development, so i just need to catch up really.
On the current Sprint.
Yeah, that's it.
OK. Is it what?
Wait, it will depend what type of work is the development or?
Conceptual.
OK. Yeah, when i say development is it like UX development.
Oh, so it's like what?
Wireframes?
OK. Oh yeah.
Yeah, I'll see what when he gets in touch with me I'll see what.
Severity of what it is.
Or at least the complexity.
OK. Yeah.
No.
we're done yeah, so have a good day everyone.
Will you catch later?
Bye."
"Good.
Ha ha.
Yeah, it's gonna be I think Sunday and Monday I think Tuesday one of those days it's gonna be 28 degrees.
Monday is it, yeah?
Wiring Monday yeah.
Yeah.
Umm?
But the weather is always better in France, so it's gonna be better than it is here, so you should be fine.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Yep, So.
I know, yeah.
I have, so yeah, James is working on American Red Cross today so he's got if it.
There's a few UX bugs in in there now but they're all.
So some are quite hard to replicate, so there there kind of very niche bugs now, which is like a very good sign.
So he's gonna be working on most of those today.
I think he should get those done today as well.
Yes, that's fine myself.
I'm going to be on QBox today on the Sprint.
I should be closing off.
All but one of my development tasks today.
I think I'm gonna have one leftover for Monday, but I gotta stop.
Not big big problem.
I've got quite a few things I need to work with Halddor on today in terms of integrating UX and dev so it could be a little bit tricky.
But again, it should be OK.
Yes.
I don't get that I don't get that feature.
I don't how I can't access stuff that feature too.
I've never had it.
Yeah, that have you seen marks?
Screenshot in the chat, how, how?
How do you get it?
I don't have unless you don't have that that that option.
Yeah, I don't have it.
What do I have to have like GPU do i have to GPU?
I just It really isn't.
Oh yeah.
See you later guys?"
"Yeah.
Yes, I.
If.
Yeah, I'm so James is working on Fruut.
Um?
Yeah, I'm getting echo as well.
I don't know who it is.
OK, Marc.
There we go.
Yeah, it was Marc 'cause it was Marc.
So yeah, James is working Fruut, so he's trying to close everything off today.
He's waiting on Alex for one of his tasks to really be completed, which is a little bit annoying 'cause he wasn't given much time, he's.
Looked at an issue that Marc raised to me yesterday about the the actions being badly formatted so I had a bit of chat about him about that.
You know why did he wasn't spotted and things like that.
It really should have been spotted.
So he's proposed a fix for that.
I think Marc it might take a bit of debt time that's the only problem with it, or having Alex thinks he might be quite complex to do.
But yeah, i'll lay chat with him on that.
Um?
Yeah, I mean.
Yeah, I, I think I think yeah, I think I think that's what James was proposing.
Just some basic text formatting but I don't know why it is going to take a long time.
So there must be a reason.
But yeah, so you're aware of that.
And then I'm just going through the.
Stuff he's done for the audio feedback as well.
I just want to review that Marc.
Have you had a chance to look through his notes as well?
OK.
When you've gone through that might be worth us catching up maybe.
Ssee if there's anything.
I'm we think he's missed.
And then on my side for QBox today.
We got the demo.
We did some bug fixes last night.
I'm pretty much done now, so it's kinda waiting on Halldor really on that.
Yeah, we're fine, yeah?
Yeah.
Cool.
Cool.
Catch you later."
"Morning all.
how's it going?
I think I've got a cold from the office, Alison.
Stupid.
it's Uh.
There's basically yeah, you and Judith and Joe wasn't it?
Was anyone else.
Yeah, for like 2 minutes like I should like.
Oh Hi Asiri.
Ha, oh no, just.
This was, yeah.
Yeah, actually.
I was reading that I'm apparently in America.
There's quite a few schools, but I haven't used it for so long.
But Legionnaires' disease has just been growing in all the pipes, so they've got to like flush the water systems with chlorine or something.
I don't think that would be.
I think our office was used, so I don't think it would be.
Sure.
Yeah, 'cause you don't think about that do you for the water machine?
Oh I'm sure.
I'm sure it's fine.
Hi Paolo.
What Asiri on that JMS thing do you have any idea of the magnitude sort of how big?
How?
How much does gone wrong or?
Oh, fair enough, OK. Yeah yeah, yeah.
Fair enough.
OK. Should I go?
So for me, so I want to catch up with Sati regarding some diagrams were doing for HSBC or for Microsoft regarding HSBC memo.
So gotta catch up early today to just make sure that everyone is happy with that.
On the fruut side, I'm going to just put a little bit more detail into the stories we went through with Judith.
There's one in particular that we did.
We talked around, but I don't have a lot of detail in its ongoing, fleshed out a little bit just so it matches what we said and then also catch up with Kalum to see how to see where he's got to so far on the app since I last caught with him.
And just maybe see if it needs to be kind of redirect, redirected a little bit based on what how we've used it so far.
And then.
QBox I will kind of continue to work on the backlog on that as well.
I've got a doctors appointment at 10 12.20 an online one, so I'll be offline probably for like 10 minutes or so.
And I've also got someone coming around to take photos of my flat at 11, so hopefully they can do that while I'm working.
But yeah, I have to sort of see them in and stuff.
But yes, think that's it really from me.
Yes.
OK. For you know, yesterday you said James might be a bit light, has he?
Has he ever tried to build a chatbot and use QBox as an end user?
Yeah.
Maybe bring back the ask Brian app how about that?
OK.
He stopped thinking you gotta keep free.
Start again.
Action for Benoit to discuss chatbot training with UX team.
It's the way you said action.
Cool thanks.
Thanks."
"Yes, right?
So sounds like the perfect weekend.
Which one was that?
I probably would've watched it back then.
Hi.
Yes.
Remember I used to have Nigel Mansell on the game on the Super Nintendo.
OK. OK.
So focus I guess we gotta finish those memo technical diagram.
So going to get those done today.
Get those over to you.
Also have a look at the one Sati's kind of done.
Neat version of the of those initial runs.
We look at the high level one so just look at those Rays going to be keeping close to the Vodafone issue with you Paolo just to solve anything from him.
Just let him know I guess.
And then.
Regarding the Fruut, audio speech to text training model training, so Judith's put together a plan.
I don't know if you want to review that Benoit because basically she's Sati wants us to review it with.
Judith later would be good to get your thoughts on it.
I think you have kind of been the driving force behind that.
So if you want to look at that.
Um, I haven't had a look.
I've not had a look at all yet to be at some point I will.
But yes, Sati wants to I guess let her know whether she's on the right track or not before she goes and starts on it I guess.
And then Kalum.
So he's still working on the on the Fruutbot app, so he's working on making sure that it can put the actual tasks into planner and teams or wherever.
Look it, look up somebody with it so the person is tagged.
Essentially.
like the stuff that Fruut does.
He couldn't reuse a lot of the web services 'cause they expect to have a whole block of text, not just one action at a time or one sentence at a time.
So you have to tweak that a little bit, but I might.
Once he's got to the end of this, I think it might be a good point to review where he's got to and and see what you think Benoit about where the next steps might be like.
What do we focus on?
So Maybe that'll be tomorrow or something.
And then.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, that's an interesting.
We have put a lot of thought into that, so could maybe catch up about how that might work if you want at some point.
So there could be a few.
There could be a few challenges on that.
But yeah, let's let's I can I?
I get you I get what you're saying, OK?
And then also got an interview at 10.
So it's a second interview.
The brief they've done is the road map 1, so it's going to be the Fruut road map, so it's going to be slightly different questions to normal.
So I need to sort of think about the sort of questions I'm going to ask him out this morning.
That was it for me.
Thanks everyone.
"I see.
Hey sorry team meeting ran over.
I'm gonna record this for Judith.
She's asked us to record this meeting is being recorded anyway by the Fruutbot, but starting the recording now.
Ah.
Is Asiri in today or?
So I know that it Paolo saying they have their big desert today, so he's been online since half seven.
We're talking to the team in Sri Lanka, so maybe Asiri's doing something with that I don't know, but.
Maybe's, so he might not have joined.
Um?
Yeah.
Sorry say again.
Oh Yep.
How?
Address.
Set.
Custom.
It just means nothing.
So I just need to finish off those technical diagrams for HSBC today.
Then I'm going to probably I need to focus on Fruut, so I had to catch up with Kalum last night about where what the next steps are.
He's kind of kind of aligned on that, and I think we've got a good plan for getting the.
Uh, some disambiguation on the call working, so he thinks that's all possible, so he's going to be working on that.
Then catching up with Ray a little bit later.
Yep.
What I don't understand what the difference is, sorry.
Yeah.
I'm I. Yeah, so at the moment it's just gonna do it like in the call because that's that's what we want to test that we can do.
Can we have a two way dialogue with someone?
Whether that's the best approach, whether that will be annoying is, I guess is a.
Is to be, yeah, is still to be determined.
It might be, but I figured there will be times when, for example, when we want to ask the user something and have a dialogue.
So it's more about can we do?
Can we do that real time dialogue?
That's that's that.
I guess the what we're trying to prove or trying to solve.
So yes, but I've.
So the way we could, yeah, we could do that.
I mean at the moment it's just to sort of test test that two way dialogue what I said to Kalum is rather than how it just listen for the word action.
It will be you have to say hey Fruut log an action for Benoit so it's less likely to be triggered accidentally.
So you're at.
You're actively engaging with the bot, just as a small change.
'cause that was quite an easy thing to do.
But yeah, I understand.
Yeah, that is.
something we have to think about is how do we make sure it's not annoying?
But we've also thought about.
Making sure it only listens to the person that's that's actually raised the action.
So if it asks back a question and someone else starts talking at work, it will ignore them and just listen to the original person who logged the actions.
There's A few things like that, but.
To begin with, it was just can we.
Can we get this working quickly enough for it to seem natural?
That thing that's the main challenge, but I think we might have to tweak whereabouts in the call.
It happens.
There are few limitations with whether the bot can proactively message the group.
I think it can.
It can send audio, but I'm not sure if it can do it via message 'cause originally I thought it could just send them a message or something, so it's like a bit quieter and not as interrupting.
But yeah, we could maybe have a separate one that you want to sort of talk through the various.
Purchase yeah.
But he I can show you I can show you the stories.
We've got an if you want to lhave a look at that what he's re-focused on.
If you want, but so that's that's Fruut.
Also need to have a look at some of the what Judith's set reviewed.
She gave us her plan yesterday, so there's a few question marks on that about how she wanted to measure the accuracy and or rather measure whether whether it's in order.
So that's why we're recording.
This meeting now.
Had to give her second source of truth or source of truth other than Kalum's separate recordings.
And then yeah, QBox.
So going through test script with Ray but we had to push that from last week.
Other stuff happened and then also just a quick catch up with Ray about the next Sprint just to make sure we have everything is ready for that and what needs to be done really just to make sure it does not shock.
Next week.s
I think that's it really, though for me today.
Oh, and on Pat's side, not forgetting Pat, so it's Intuit decert today.
That's why Asiri's not here as well.
So he was online early, helping the team with that.
I think he's just a little bit, you know, nervous 'cause.
It's the first time they've done it, but I think he feels that there in a good position, but they won't know if it's been successful.
till a bit later today when the US team come online.
But quietly confident I think.
That's all, bye.
Sorry man, sorry.
Yeah.
Did you get your did your test?
Are you positive or negative?
Oh wow, OK that's a good start.
Yeah.
Yep.
That wouldn't be 3 hours would it.
What?
Wow.
Yes.
It's crazy that you drive for three hours, 'cause surely you're going to get out and stop at a service station or something and just spread it around.
If you have got it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, if you don't have it.
If you don't have a fever, so I had to sneak had a bit of a cold at the weekend, but I didn't have a fever so I was like probably out.
I'm fine.
But yeah.
Hello.
The House.
Hello.
Or yeah.
I could do.
I could do it to black and white like when I print it.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
For that.
At.
Yes.
I guess maybe in hindsight that would be a good thing.
When you start, you have your probation.
You have a three month review or whatever.
12 or.
How many weeks is?
But maybe that's just.
Something that you is made clear that we're going to review.
This is part of your review.
I was also just thinking that is there some way that you could?
I try to create some almost score like so like you know you've got.
You can see how good you were compared to maybe Alison's model.
At the moment it might be a bit what's the word?
It yeah almost to work, but you don't have a metric or you don't have any way of other than you know the feedback would be or I've broken it but not.
In a in a measured way and I'm just thinking in terms of it as a project manager.
Are you ever going to be as good as Alison?
Probably not at this task, So what?
How could you sort of make someone feel like they is still valuable for them?
Uh.
Yeah.
OK. Hello.
Yeah.
Yep.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah my.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's exactly my old job.
We are we did software for estate agents and they they they made me go and be Technical Support in a in a estate agent for a week just so I knew what happened.
And you know, I could sort of sit in there and listen to what the conversations and stuff so.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's a good idea to sort of maybe formalize it a bit, give them a deadline, maybe give them some reference materials in terms of the YouTube videos or something.
'Cause like here.
So they're not.
There's no excuse to be stuck.
I'ms just wondering whether is easy way for them to actually have the bot give answers.
Maybe is it chatbot framework or something where it's not just a model, it's actually going to do something useful and they can.
There's more value for them.
They can see they could connect it to teams or something.
I don't know something that where it's.
It's a, It's an actual thing that can be used rather than just an abstract model that's hidden behind your login.
That 'cause that would make it a little bit more.
Purposeful for them like as if the purpose is, you know you could actually show or look everyone.
Here's here's a virtual Ray or you know whatever you're doing, you know it's a bit more.
And I just like I would like that I guess if it was me, I'd want to publish it somewhere and just, even if just to show the colleagues, or you know.
I'm.
Yeah.
Quote.
OK. Sweet.
Yes.
Alright, sounds good.
Action for Benoit too.
No it wasn't.
Bye."
"Oh cool you're in the office.
Who else is in.
OK, fair enough.
Oh fair enough.
Yeah, I'll be in tomorrow.
Yeah, I'd make the most of it.
'cause I'm, I reckon that they're gonna say stop working, start working from home again soon.
If you look at.
Another month Just my guess the way it seems to be going.
Yeah, I'll be in.
Yeah, they're putting it back there going back, yeah?
Uh workplaces are exempt.
Yeah.
Workplaces, weddings as well are exempt.
Those are something else.
I think it's 30.
I don't know who knows to be honest.
Well, I guess it's true.
Yeah, it's trying to balance economic out fallout I guess like.
Us basically.
Well, no.
I was reading apparently.
It's not make this coronavirus misery call.
Actually, I won't tell you those stats, but it's it's not great if you're over 30, but.
Basically it was.
The man in his 30s is more likely to get a long term illness from coronavirus than someone in their 60s is to die, so more like to get some sort of long-term condition like heart or lung problem like that was basically yeah, which I thought was quite scary, like by like 1% one in 100 basically.
Wait let's not be depressing there's other good things happening as well, like Intuit was really successful and Pat on cloud nine.
They they did the decert.
Who's that?
Who you speaking to?
Oh cool.
That's good.
Funny, but yeah on like if I go Pat Pat Intuit's been really successful so far.
You know they did the big D certification so.
Yeah, I think that's a good job with Asiri and the team.
Yeah, I was like I feel like they probably just need a break now they.
It's like doing an easier task today, but from my side just a few small things to just double check on the technical diagrams.
Just wanna double check them with a fresh pair of eyes this morning.
Otherwise it's just going to be prepping QBox.
I've got meeting with Ray later just to sort of make sure everything is ready for the next Sprint.
Basically that's it really for me.
Yeah, had a good demo from Kalum.
Yeah, good demo from Kalum on the FruutBot so that's making progress, but yeah, otherwise that's it.
On that Alison have we, has have we.
Are we expecting there to be like a duration of time that they do testing in and we know when to stop monitoring it?
Or is that just an ongoing thing we're going to be doing from now?
Yeah, OK. OK. Yeah, I just yeah OK, fair enough yeah.
I was just thinking if it's the same people testing it or is it new or is it like you know, is if it's the same 10 people it might get to a point where they're just trying to break it and might not be as good, but if it is actually going to new people it is just, you know, fresh people trying it and genuinely using it.
There's probably a difference in getting to that long tail of someone really going to ask that and it might get a bit overly biased towards.
You know people trying to break it rather than actual genuine use.
If it's the same people that, but that's my only thought, really, I don't know.
Yeah, OK. OK. Oh, OK. OK, fair enough.
Oh wow.
Sorry.
Yeah, fair enough, fair enough, OK?
Oh brilliant.
OK. That's good.
You meet with Brian or is it just me?
Your headset died.
Oh, now you're frozen.
Oh dear.
Oh your back Brian?
OK, cool.
Yep.
Yeah.
OK. Oh on on that I I we know we spoke with them yesterday about the training thing you are we waiting for Benoit?
He said did Benoit say it was an action for him?
OK OK, fair enough.
Notice the FruutBot, but didn't pick that off, it's clever.
It's been upgraded.
Yeah.
No.
Hi Benoit.
Who's left to go?
It's just Asiri.
So.
Yeah.
I think.
I just think that we need to be a bit better on the communication.
That's why I looped in Leanne because I don't think we made it clear that we just fixed it for one account.
So then he's going inside.
It was another account and then it's not working.
It's just.
It's just like this email chain is so long now, so just I just think that, yeah, that that wasn't clear and it just looks like we've not done it properly.
You know, we've already talked, asked them to try it like four or five times and they've it's not worked for them with you know.
So just wanted to sort of.
Make sure we're clear about what we're saying we've done and to set the expectation, right?
Really, I think that was painting.
But if you, if that's.
Yeah so.
Just bring Leanne up to speed, and kind of let her like a steak that over but also just be clear about we haven't where this is a patch and we're looking at a longer term fix so he might be able to do it for all the people in one go rather than one person at a time.
Or you know and have this back and forth or something that we ought to put together.
What is our suggestion for him?
Like what is he?
Does he need to add 5 users?
10 users?
Should you do that all at once and then we do all our thing and it's just one email and 1 you know 1 batch?
Or is it this back and forth?
Do we have to do it that way?
It was just to sort of iron that out really before we go back.
Yep.
OK. Paolo did you see the message about Bell Canada or something?
From Benoit.
Yeah yeah, OK.
I can.
Yeah.
Cool, alright, anyone else going in the office tomorrow, Alison?
You in?
Sync.
That's like.
Joe's off isn't he?
Right back OK. OK. Fair enough.
Actually, you know I changed my mind.
Actually, I don't think I'm gonna come in now.
Just to see Brian.
Joking.
OK. Alright.
Have a good one.
Bye."
"So I can say something really cool if you want.
Hey, Fruut action for Judith to complete the user story.
Shit it's not working.
No.
Hey, Fruut action for Judith.
Action for Judith to do the transcriptions.
Saturday that's pretty cool.
Wow.
Yeah, well, that's something we need.
something like that will be good for you.
Brian, maybe you and James start thinking about what is the good what?
What is the balance between being useful and being annoying?
Especially on a group call?
I don't know if we should wait for Benoit or whether we should just start.
Don't think he's here.
OK, go for it.
Should I go?
I got you go Asiri.
So for me it's helping well prepping for the QBox call 'cause there's a couple of things that the one with Zebra.
That Alison mentioned that I need to do for that so just prepping for that and then fleshing out some user stories for QBox next Sprint.
And then testing Fruut so both the app that's when it's listening to us now and also the mobile app that Alex delivered yesterday.
Or whenever it was, yeah, so did that little Testing just to sort of give it the OK for using on demos etc.
And on Pat side.
I think he's got a bit of BP stuff.
That's what that's what he's asking about.
UX Brian.
He wants you to work on some UX stuff and I.
Try to push him towards Sri Lanka.
But he wasn't keen on.
I no it's UX, but I just yeah, I did say to him to write.
He 'cause it's all things.
I guess Hiran if someone could do but guess I'll leave that for him.
No, not development.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, like what?
Uh.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I'm.
Otherwise, I think Intuit's little bit lighter at the moment.
But yeah, that's it I think.
Yep.
Yeah, will do.
Oh nice.
Yes.
Yep.
Yep.
Yeah, so I think I I imagine she's moved it because it overlapped with zebra meeting.
I don't know if 'cause I wouldn't have been able to make it.
I don't know if Benoit was going to join separately.
Maybe that was why it got moved.
I think the subject of it was Microsoft.
Have this fast track thing where they will assign resources is like the technical people to help us with this particular project and so I think Fruut Fruutbot was going to be the candidate for that.
So I think we we spoke about probably about two months ago.
Now is a while back and.
I think it's down to whether or not we want to commit to it.
'cause I think you know we have to do certain things.
We have to think it's related to like the predicted digital consumption and stuff like that.
But also we have to decide which projects I think it's about.
I imagine it's about that, but I'm kind of.
To be honest, I think it's probably something that Benoit.
I don't really.
I don't know if maybe you'll be needed from an Azure kind of POV to know.
Maybe we should just have a quick 10 minute call with me.
You and Benoit before hand to make sure we've got.
We've got the right facts.
Like if she wants to know with the with the memo bot for example, what's the predicted consumption she might want to know that, for example?
I see.
Yeah, let's have a catch up with Benoit when he gets in.
He's just arrived.
Ann yeah yeah, let's check.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't really know I I think that's what it's about, but it's been so long since we last had the first meeting.
We last discussed.
I'm not sure to be honest.
Right.
Yep.
OK, bye."
"Great.
Did nine years.
Yeah, I'd agree, yeah.
Cool.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's you want to capture people who are searching for.
How do I build a chatbot versus how do I use QBox?
'cause they're not going to know people who don't know about QBox won't search for that, whereas if you're just on YouTube like I'll just Google search how to do something.
Like how to fix my boiler or something and they get a video, so that's the equivalent for chat bots I guess.
Yeah.
Yes, I guess the question was whether whether we should spend time optimizing it, or whether we should do the integration first, 'cause he has to change it somewhat for Bryn anyway.
It might not be worth doing that, so it was kind of like a question Marc about 'cause he said he could try and optimize it.
He reckon he might be able to save?
5 or so seconds, which isn't that much, but.
Yeah, well.
Is it 'cause they're at?
Everything else has to wait for that to finish.
I think, right?
So it adds or it will add on to the end.
No.
OK, cool.
First name or last name.
OK, P. OK, so Asiri you probably covered most of Intuit.
Pat Seems to be telling me that is quite calm.
At the moment there It's like the calm after the storm, so I think he's just sort of like prepping for the next set of work.
He had a few bits on BP, but not much by the sounds of it.
I'm on the Red Cross side, so that seems to be looking good.
There's one bug that might come your way, Paolo.
That's been logged.
There's been raised.
I think it might be a regression.
But otherwise once the load testing is done.
I think that that should be finally done, but they were working with Microsoft on that on the load testing side.
On Fruut, so Kalum is still he's a little bit delayed yesterday so I didn't see the demo yesterday, but it's looking quite good from what I saw previously and it seems that he's getting somewhere so I don't hopefully be able to show you that today Benoit like the dialogue.
So and then it would just be a case of kind of.
Reorientating Reorientating Kalum slightly on where we go next with that.
Qbox, so I've I've kind of mapped out what we're going what I think's going the next Sprint, so this is based on discussion, so there should be no surprise, but wanted to just.
Double check that with you and there's a few kind of.
Questions that we maybe we should.
You could discuss with Seamus.
I notice Seamus is not in the QBox team on teams.
don't know whether shall I add him?
So I was going to tag him in the message as well.
Don't know whether that whether you want him in there.
Yeah, just so you could see the question is a question really about yeah how how we do the fold the fold splitting so yeah working on that and then also going to look at the interview tasks 'cause I want to get this guy back.
This Nicholas.
I wonder if the user story second part could be a bit better, so I'm going to work on that before I go back to him today.
Um?
But that's it, I think, really.
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah, but a lot of that's in the backlog already.
Well, I've got the epics we all in there so we can.
I need to.
I spoke to Ray 'cause I wanted him to do it really and he's he's back but tidy up the backlog and kind of.
The stuff that's been there since 2017.
We can just hide all that there's a way to hide it.
I think that you know that we probably don't want to delet them, but we're probably not going to do in the next six months just to sort of Declutter a little bit.
So I've told Ray how how to do that.
It's just it's how to do it.
Cool.
No.
They're they're primarily RASA are they.
Right, OK, interesting.
So maybe that.
People.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure we did a demo to them, I'm sure I've heard of them before, years ago.
Yep.
OK.
Yes.
OK. OK. Yep.
OK. Where sorry.
Oh see me."
"I'm just playing around with you.
Why you do that?
I was just playing around with the group mode.
Alright, you have to enable beta.
Oh, I'll show you later Brian.
I don't derail the call.
Very cool.
Probably my laptop is kind of burning up as I'm using it so.
I think it's quite cool.
I."
"Morning all.
Who are we waiting for just Paolo is it?
Should we just start and?
Am without Paolo.
OK, so for me just preparing QBox backlog.
Gotta new Sprint starting on Wednesday, that's going to be the bulk of my day and then likewise with Fruut.
I don't think I'll get around to that today, so I'll probably do that tomorrow.
A few support issues on QBox, I just need to hand over to Ray 'cause Leanne's off today.
Uh, and that's it.
I think for me, really.
Catch up with Bryn when he's back today.
So give the catch up with him just so sort of brief him on QBox.
But yeah, that's it really, I think.
Hello.
Paolo.
He's off maybe?
Fair enough.
OK. Alright.
See you then bye."
"Good morning guys.
Sorry for being late.
Good I'll go next.
Sis sorry realism.
OK so QBox is going on with Halldor, no blockers for him.
He has enough work to cover also all of next week.
On Fruut I had a catch up with Kalum and Alex about the handover, so the plan is for Alex to hand over all the mobile part to Kalum that has already a bit of experience with Android and will take care for now of both back end and front end as soon as possible we will put someone else in the team when Alex will leave so Kalum can delegate one of those activities to.
The new developer.
Joe and Tanya.
They are going on working on in Intuit, but they are also preparing the next Sprint for BP and I have to review with them because Joe will be off for the first 3 days of next week and I want to get in touch with Tanya and be a bit of support for her.
Or just check that she's doing right.
She's able to manage the workload by herself.
On my side, I completed yesterday the fixes.
Thanks also to Alison for the data model fix on American Red Cross.
I publish the latest version.
There is still 1 remaining bug.
Let's say if you ask something about the safe and well dialogue but with geographic reference.
I'm testing a change to be able to use the geographic entity from Louise in order to provide an answer, but I'm still.
I still have to test it.
This is the latest bug remaining I was checking on the list.
So then it should be fine unless we will have some other feedback after the testing.
That's all from me.
Yes.
Next week, if I remember well, let me double check.
Interiors.
This the plan from the seven of September.
So yes from Monday basically.
OK. Have a look in case.
Get in touch with me and Ray so we can be aware and we can in case decide how to plan.
Perfect thanks Asiri.
Yep.
Thank you guys.
Speak to you later.
Bye."
"Good.
Quiet.
No, I know, don't worry.
Yeah.
So.
Ah.
Cool who I have my team and reduce the number.
Bryn is still on holiday and Joe will be off for the next three days.
So on QBox Halldor is going on with the planned development and is also helping me to fix an issue we are having for Vodafone with Vodafone with their Active Directory authentication.
Uh.
Tanya is working on BP from today this week, but let me know Asiri if you need her for anything on Intuit shouldn't be any issue because I think she has a bit of contingency in the planning.
Kalum and Alex.
They're going on with the development on Fruut and they started also the end over for the Android part from Alex to Kalum on my side.
Instead, I'm working and text and testing the fix for Vodafone on QBox so I'm Changing the data I'm testing on UAT and I hope to apply the same fix online soon.
I publish the latest version with the latest fix.
Of American Red Cross on Friday on our UAT environment, Alison told me that it looks good so I'm planning to release those fixes also on the American Red Cross.
Azure environment, I'm quite busy with recruitment because we have a second interview today, another one tomorrow and then some more interview.
Another first interview on Wednesday, so quite busy week for the first part.
That's all from me.
Don't forget something no.
This should be all.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Lawrence is a good one is the top ranked in our short list.
OK. No, let's move it.
I think it's.
Better and safer to reschedule it.
Sorry you say for Thursday?
OK. Let me check with Amey.
Yeah, no problem.
I hope everything is fine.
This.
Cool speaks later, guys.
Like"
"Morning, Alison.
I'm fine, thanks you.
Good question, all good.
We have Brian, also hi Brian.
Nope.
No me too.
Don't know why.
Teams is not working great for me.
Sometimes crashing or not sending notification.
Look Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Yeah, yeah yeah, I talk with him.
Yesterday I was double checking because I published again.
I think it's because of the CDN.
'cause we're using a CDN to to improve performances.
That's maybe the reason why the changes are not propagated.
Probably I need to clean up this.
Yeah I will.
I was in touch with him yesterday, yeah?
Stop.
Oh go for it.
Said OK, I can go next.
The no on the BP side, just Tanya for today and tomorrow no blockers.
She had a bit of trouble yesterday connecting to te UAT database or getting a copy of the UAT database.
But then with a bit of help from Kalum she was able to get unblocked so no other blockers on that side on QBox Halldor is going on with the development and it should be fine for the rest of the week.
He also helped me yesterday to fix the data for Vodafone, so now we have all the users from Vodafone added our invited through our application and then I just need to update the Active Directory D as soon as they logged in.
But we tried with one user and it was working fine.
So finally we have a temporary solution for this.
Kalum and Alex.
They are still going on with the development of Fruut for the mobile app and Marc in the teams bot.
Alex is also starting at the end over with Kalum focusing on the say most important parts and pieces of the mobile application on my side.
I'm going to work on American Red Cross.
I checked yesterday.
Some of the feedbacks there's something related with the data model.
Have you seen my comments, Alison?
So in case if.
OK, perfect.
Perfect we can catch up later in case to discuss, but it shouldn't be a big deal.
There are some disambiguations I have to complete.
Two to have a look and complete.
Nothing major, but it should be fine anyway.
I'm quite busy with this part for today.
Yesterday I did also bit of support as I mentioned for QBox or Vodafone users and also for QBox in order to link.
To connect the Fruut model.
So now Judith can access all the models we are hosting on LUIS because we set up the proper, the correct authentication key out authoring key I did with Benoit.
An interview yesterday an we will have another one.
Later today, at times something so moving on with this Part 2.
One last bit I did a bit of support also for memo.
The virtual machine now is protected by Firewall so it can be accessed only by memo, application, memo backing application, the different environments and our VPN.
Every other request is blocked.
That's all from me.
Yep.
Well, sorry.
Huh?
Huh?
Uh huh.
Yeah exactly, it's all done, we can.
Like compare or.
I think he was.
I mean he looked a bit anxious during yesterday interview more than the first one.
The first one he was a lot more cool and self confident yet.
He MRE.
Yep.
OK, I will think about that and I will have a look.
How complicate and.
How much is the effort in case to prepare sort of test environment?
No, I think that's that's a useful exercise.
Because it's definitely helping understanding the context, the environment, what we are trying to solve.
I think we need them.
Let's say we need it to be part of a structure.
Learning patterns, so we need to set some context.
We need to set deadlines because I gotta feeling.
I mean maybe this is my point of view.
And just 'cause I was in touch, mainly with Halldor about that he got the start.
He got the first part.
He was also keen to understand and learn more, but then it's like he lost Track because he was busy with other stuff but also because.
Was not structured enough in terms of training, so we should set start some milestone and competition and it should be part of the normal induction of the probation period.
So I agree with you, it's just a matter of defining defining it better so it can be clear also.
Yeah.
That's why we need.
Yep.
It.
Yep.
And you speak you, in a bit bye."
"Cool.
Yes.
Yeah.
Cool, I'm the last one.
So QBox no blockers Halldor is going on with the sprint, no major blockers.
Similar with Tanya on BP.
Now we have also Joe back.
I will catch up with the team later today to see if there is any blocker, but I talked to Tanya yesterday and she she's fine going on with the Sprint.
Kalum and Alex.
They are working on Fruut.
Let us know Marc the outcome of your testing to see if it's going better or.
It seems that he's getting slightly better, so hopefully we can see some improvements on my side.
I'm still working on American Red Cross.
I finished all the amends.
I still have one to complete, the one that we discussed yesterday about disambiguation for military and veteran, but it shouldn't take too long.
I'm in touch also with James.
Related with the missing fixes and checking why because I got no conflicts.
All the all the commits are there so.
I'm checking to see if it's a matter of caching or similar, so my plan for today is to complete American across amends and published on our UAT for some internal testing.
I plan also to start working on a task for QBox and RASA in order to make more stable the RASA API.
We're using 4 by Canada becauses not super urgent.
But Benoit has the feeling that at some point as soon as they will sign the contract they will start asking for this improvement.
So it's better to start having a look before.
That's all from me going on with some recruitment.
I will have two more interviews tomorrow.
We decided yesterday talking to Benoit to make an offer to two developers that you guys.
We did the interview.
Yeah, we're not sure that both of them are going to accept one the most senior one probably will.
Not that happy.
Let's see.
Let's see, we want to play our cards and try to make an offer and then we can see.
Which one of them we can onboard?
But anyway, the recruitment is still ongoing.
And I will have more interviews tomorrow.
One question for you Marc.
I saw an invitation from Anna Maria from Microsoft follow-up moved to tomorrow.
Do you remember what's the subject of this follow up?
He Yep.
Yeah, I remember.
He yes.
OK. Because this meeting is overlapping an interview I will have tomorrow, so I was trying to understand if it's something that it's better for me to attend or if I can.
I can leave this to you.
OK. OK, that's fine.
That's fine.
And then I can decide.
OK, that's fine.
Sounds good to me.
OK, that's all from me.
Did I forget something.
No, I think yeah, that's all.
Cool.
We're done guys.
Speak to you or see you later guys.
Take care.
Bye."
"Yeah, I know sorry morning guys I was saying it's like with a magician.
You say the name and they appear.
Yeah, I'm in the office because I have to meet with one of the candidate today Connor, the one that you did interview so I will have a meeting and sort of final interview with him later about the different teams QBox team.
I know they are.
Pretty busy because they are preparing a demo for Thursday.
No blockers, but they are rushing to get everything tested and completed.
BP is on track.
The guys told me that they should be able to recover the small delay they're having in the sprint.
So no particular issues for this and the same for Fruut.
Kalum and Alex, they're going on with bug fixing and developing for me instead.
I almost completed the amends for American Red Cross.
There are only two small things remaining, one of them is related with Safari, so I need to test with the iPod here in the office.
About other task I have, let's say two big things that I'm following up.
One is a bit of a blocker.
I'm working on the RASA customization for the API for Bell Canada.
I'm doing some progress, so now I'm trying to rebuild RASA with some changes to avoid timeout or improving the API response, but I'm still working on it.
Another task I'm following up is about.
Linking American Red Cross consumption on Azure with our partner ID I'm having a bit of trouble because I cannot add tracking code to the partner portal so I'm trying now with G to see if it's a matter of an account.
Otherwise I'm pushing Anna the girl at Microsoft to provide help 'cause there isn't a direct support system for the partner portal.
Like it is in Azure, so I'm chasing because it becoming.
I tried or mean I have to try with G to see if it's a matter of my account because there is a submit a ticket, but when you click it is just an FAQ Basically or you have to search for topics.
OK, good point.
So you have to say no and.
Oh nothing easy.
Yes, basically it's try to avoid opening tickets or contacting support anyway.
Those are the two big things I'm working on.
At yet I think it should be for per component.
But in fact, that's the other main concern, so I'm trying to speed up this tracking creation to then test if it's possible to add it.
Otherwise I need to spend some time to recreate services with right tracking code in case.
And I would put a priority to the most consuming services or database.
An app service mainly.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yes, yes yes, and it's working well.
The problem I think it's about the return type.
Basically when you train a model, the return is the model itself compressed.
It seems that the process is working fine during all the training, but then it's just stuck in when it starts sending back the response.
So I'm trying but we don't need that response 'cause we just need the name of the model.
To set it as the current model.
So I'm trying to bypass this part, returning only the name instead of the full model.
That can be quite big and can take.
It's using because their API is calling directly the Python script, so is not.
Let's say calling the command line command line is exposing the same functionality than the API, or the opposite.
Doing this, calling the API and trying to modify the way that API is working in term of instead of returning the model itself.
That seems the blocker returning just the information that we need, so they remove the model.
The change is really one line of change.
Instead of returning a file, returning a string in case we need to update also.
It's not really maintainable.
I yeah, yes.
I think in this case we need to, let's say apply the same fix to the newer version.
Is not really the best solution ever, but.
I tried is not that simple, mainly parsing the output because their API is not calling the command line is calling the same functionality that the command line is using, but is calling like function so you get proper return type with a command line.
You get a stream you need to parse.
The stream is.
Let's say it's not super easy.
OK, I'm I'm working also on this part I assign also I took Halldor to to help me a bit.
Setting up a local version and try to re working this API part.
Let's say it's not the easiest thing ever.
Oh uh, huh.
I tried let me think I couldn't see too much difference.
Probably the command line looks a bit faster.
Uh.
Not a major one because I checked the training time.
Seems similar calling API.
I think that the API is taking longer because then there is all the return of the model that is taking quite a long time.
We exactly that's the point we don't need.
I struggle to see who needs it, because then you need to set the same model on the same instance so it's just easier to store it locally an loaded from local.
But this is the way it's behaving.
It's working, so we need to to change this part.
No, that's all for me.
He's on holiday.
Oh Uh huh.
Yep.
Oh who?
No.
Thanks.
And you.
Bye guys."
"Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Good good good good.
Yep.
Huh?
I.
Can go next.
So starting on QBox, they finished the current Sprint yesterday.
Halldor was say bit later with the latest testing and bug fixing, but everything should be fine.
Now.
Bryn did a short investigation on an issue for Vodafone related with Active Directory.
The solution is quite simple and it will be delivered with the next live delivery.
So not a big deal on Fruut the team is going on doing some progress.
No blockers on that side.
The same on BP.
I saw that the team catch up with a missing time, so now they are on track to finish this sprint properly on my side.
Yesterday I was finally able to get the RASA API working using a small prototype I did using node so now I can train models and use them to do prediction.
I'm planning to start working from today with Halldor.
I know is installing RASA locally so he can start.
I can pass him some information and he can start ideally to work on the API to wrap around and I'm working also on American Red Cross.
To investigate on a bug about iOS and to recreate the resources on their subscription with our tracking code, I'm able to achieve that.
I'm checking if we get the data from the tracking if we are able to see the data from the tracking and I will get a call with Microsoft support at 11 about that.
Ideally if we can unblock this bit so we are able to see the tracking data, I can recreate the entire resources and by the same Monday or Tuesday we can have the.
All the resource group on American Red Cross subscription tracking properly, so that's quite important.
Going on with recruitment.
Still reviewing some CV's and then I have some R&D task to carry on with, but probably it will be on Monday because today I would like to be able to close with American Red Cross and pass to Halldor, the RASA API task that will be my.
Main task for today that's all.
I think that.
Yep, that's all for me.
Yes.
They are doing I. I think this is this should be the final UAT.
Uh huh.
It has been requested.
We're still waiting from Microsoft.
It's more than a week.
Yep.
Think so.
Yep.
And you speak later guys."
Good morning Sati.
Good morning Sati, how are you?
It's a good morning, Sati.
Hey Sati.
Hey there Sati.
Hey there Sati, how are you?
I'll assign this to John and Karen.
This is a task for John.
Assign this task to Karen.
Arrange a meeting between John and Karen.
Contact John and Karen about the new product for the client.
Took my son to play football.
Took my son to football.
Took my son to his football game.
Terrible match, they lost 6 nil.
Dreadful match, they lost 6 nil.
They were terrible, lost 6 nil.
How did your meeting go with Ridgeway Global this morning?
How was this morning's meeting with Ridgeway Global?
How did the meeting with Ridgeway Global go this morning?
Did you have a good meeting with Ridgeway Global this morning? 
The meeting with Ridgeway Global went very well. 
Yeah it was a good meeting with Ridgeway Global.
I had a chat with Alan and team.
Had a chat with Alan and his team.
We chatted with Alan and the team. 
He gave me an update on the company told me about their situation.
We talked about the company's situation.
We discussed the current state of things at the company. 
This quarter was looking good.
Their performance this quarter was better than expected. 
They have had a pretty strong quarter despite the whole situation around COVID-19.
They performed well this quarter despite the COVID-19 situation.
They have had a strong quarter despite the situation with coronavirus.  
They are continuing to work from home throughout the pandemic.
The're continuing to work from home as the corona lockdown is enforced.
However, there have been some discussions around some possible redundancies despite having a good quarter.
But despite the good quarter, there's some possible redundancies related to COVID-19.  
Alan who is their Sales Director wants me to follow up with him in a months' time to get an update on this.
Their Sales Director Alan wants to catch up again in a month to update me on this.
Hey Fruut, Action for me to book in a call with Alan in a months' time. 
Oh yeah yes I know Alan, I used to work with him at Savills.  
Did you speak to Sarah as well in regards to a potential loan? 
Did you also talk to Sarah about a potential loan?
Did you talk to Sarah about possible lending?
When I last spoke to her I think she was suggesting that she may want to apply for a loan for 1000000.
She said they may want to apply for a 1000000 loan.
Basically I did have a chat with Sarah about this. 
However, she is now looking at a loan of 2000000.
This amount has now increased to a 2000000 loan. 
She has asked me to pull together the figures based on this loan amount.
She want the figures for this loan amount. 
I said well share this with her by the end of the week.
I promised to get back to her on this by the end of the week.
I said I'll have the figures by the end of the week. 
I expect that shell make a decision on this pretty quickly. 
Would you be able to take this as Im pretty swamped at the moment?
I'm very busy right now, so can you take this? 
Sure, Ive got some spare time this afternoon to have a look in to this.
Okay, I have some spare time right now. 
Ill aim to share this with Sarah by close of business tomorrow.
I'll try to get back to Sarah by close of play tomorrow. 
Could you send me her email address?
What's their email? 
What is their annual revenue?
What is the annual revenue?
Of course, remind me to send the email to Sam today. 
Hey Fruut, Action for Alex to send Sarah the loan figures by close of business tomorrow.  
Im not sure about their revenue. 
Hey Fruut, what was their annual revenue?
Thanks Fruut.
Was there anything else that they raised during the meeting?
The only other thing was that their COO is going on maternity leave know you have had a meeting with her in the past, probably worth us getting a meeting in with her cover so that we can build a new relationship with them.
Since their COO is going on maternity leave, you should get in touch with whoevever is covering for her and establish a relationship.
Yeah good idea, remind us in a months time to look in to booking a meeting with their new COO to discuss our current relationship with the company and how we could potentially help across other areas of the business. 
Hey Fruut, Action for to arrange follow-up meeting.
Awesome, lets catch up tomorrow to see where you are with those loan figures.
I'll be back in touch tomorrow to discuss the loan figures. 
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Have a great day.
Thanks mate, speak tomorrow.
Cheers mates, talk to you tomorrow.
Okay, start.
You're not bad. How was your weekend?
Yeah, it was fine. How did your meeting go with Ridgeway Global?
Okay, nice did. Did you speak to Sarah in regards to having the potential loan they wanted? 
I believe they wanted a loan for 1000000?
Ah okay, yeah, I can help out there. 
So you want me to do that? 
Sure, can you send me her email address? 
And also I seem to remember I need to know what that annual revenue is. 
Could you find out for me please?
Okay.
I'm not no, should be fine, but I'll go through the application process anyway.
Was there anything else they raised during the meeting?
Yeah, when did you say he's leaving?
OK, let's let's put a meeting in. 
When the new the new starter begins in a month's time.
Hey Fruut, action for Sati to book a meeting with the new COO in one month's time.
Sati Lall.
OK thanks mate. 
Speak tomorrow.
Hi Fruut, please leave.
Morning how's it going?
Yeah, not too bad thanks. 
How are you?
Yeah, it went pretty well. 
They were saying that they had a pretty strong quarter despite the whole situation with COVID-19.
However, they did sort of mention that there have been some or. There's potential for possible redundancies, despite having a good quarter.
Alan, he's the the sales director, wants me to follow up with him in a months time.
Yeah, I had a chat with her about that. 
She she was looking for loan of 2000000.
Actually it was actually for a loan of 2000000 so she's asked me to put together the figures based on that loan amount.
So so I'm able to share that with her by the end of this week, because you'll probably make a decision quite quickly.
I just I was just seeing whether you can sort help out and take that because I'm pretty swamped the moment.
Yeah, I'm I'm not too sure what their annual revenue is.
Hey Fruut.
What is the annual revenue?
Cool.
Yeah, the only other thing is that the current COO is leaving the company at the end of the month.
So I know you've had a meeting with him in the past. 
I think it's probably worth trying to schedule a new meeting with people with the new COO.
Just so we can start to, you know, talk about who we are and build a new relationship with them.
End of the month.
Cool yeah sounds good.
Cool, cheers.
Alright?
Afternoon, how was your weekend?
Meeting with Richard, I went well. 
I had a chat with Alan and the team.
He gave me an update on the company, told me about this situation this quarter was looking good and they have a pretty strong quarter despite the whole situation around COVID-19. 
They are all at home throughout the pandemic as well. 
However, there's been some discussions around some possible redundancies despite having a good quarter. 
Alan, who is the sales director, wants me to follow up with him in a months time to get an update on this. 
Hey Fruut.
Action for me to book a call with Alan in a months time.
Yeah, basically I did have a chat with Sarah about this, however she is looking at a loan of 2000000. 
She's asked me to put together the figures based on this amount. 
I said I'll will share this with her.
By the end of the week, I expect it should make decision on this pretty quickly. 
Would you be able to take this as I'm pretty swamped at the moment.
Of course I remind me to send an email to Sam today. 
Hey Fruut.
Action for Alex to send Sarah the loan figures by close of business tomorrow.
Alex Morgan.
I'm not sure about their revenue. 
Hey Fruut.
What was their annual revenue?
The only other thing was that the COO is going on maternity leave, so and as you know we had a meeting with her in the past. 
Probably worth getting a meeting in with her her cover.
So that we can build a new relationship with them.
Awesome, let's catch up tomorrow to see where you are with those loan figures. 
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Bye.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah. Good thanks. 
Took my son to play football. 
It was a terrible match. 
They lost 6 nil. 
How did your meeting go with Ridgeway Global this morning?
Oh yeah, yeah, I know Alan, I used to work with him at Savills. 
Did you also speak to Sarah with regards to a potential loan? 
When I spoke to her last I think she was suggesting that she may want to apply for a loan for 1000000.
Yeah, sure I've got some spare time this afternoon to have a look at this. 
I'll aim to share with Sarah by close of business tomorrow. 
Could you send me her email address? 
What's their annual revenue?
Thanks Fruut. 
Was there anything else raised during the meeting?
Yeah, that's a really good idea. 
Remind us in a months time to look into booking a meeting with her and the new COO to discuss our current relationship with the company and also how we can potentially help across other areas of the business as well. 
Hey Fruut.
Action to arrange a follow up meeting.
Assign it to myself.
Uh, the meeting date? 
It's in a months time.
Thanks mate, talk to you soon bye.
Hey Fruut.
Leave meeting.
Hey Fruut.
Goodbye.
Alright Good morning, Sandra How was your weekend?
Yeah, actually it was, it went pretty well met Alan and the teams and they gave me an update on the company and and their Q1 situations and the good things is last quarter was pretty strong despite the covid situations, so they did pretty well there.
Most of them are still working from home. 
I think they found the pattern to get the operation running. 
That said, they are still looking at Redundancy. 
I guess it's more as a backup plan, but it's something we need to be cautious about.
We have to follow up as well with Alan. 
Hey Fruut actions to book a call.
Yeah, actually Sarah was in the call. 
We we discussed this at loans. 
They are now looking at bigger initiatives so they want a 2,000,000 loan. 
Now I ideally she would like those figures by the end of the week. 
That said, I am absolutely busy so I wonder have you got any time this week to look at those figures for me?
No really is about the business is going well. 
Actually, you know what? 
Yeah, they mention that their COO is expecting so they are gonna recruit a COO for six months or so might be quite important for us to build a relationship. 
Just to make sure we get continuity of business.
Yeah, that's that's a good summary of the of the meeting. 
I remember Alan I used to work with him before back when I was at Savills, but I was wondering when you spoke to Sarah did you talk to her about a loan?
Oh yeah that's not a problem.  
I actually have time this afternoon to have a look at it. 
So I could share that with Sarah by end of play tomorrow. 
So can you send me her email address and do you remember what their annual revenue was?
Any other updates?
Yeah, not a bad shout. 
We should definitely book a meeting with the new with the new COO just to discuss like wider initiatives in the in the business as well.
Hey there how was your weekend?
Pretty good actually we met with those guys with a good meeting with Alan and the teams. 
They gave us an update a little bit on the company. 
Their quarter has been very good despite the COVID situations. 
That said they're still thinking or about redundancy.
At and at they will let us know about the plan.
I also had a chat with Alan, who is the Sales Directory and we need to follow up in a months times with him.
Hey Fruut actions to book meeting with Alan in a months time.
Myself.
Yes, actually I had a chat with Sarah and that said things have changed on their side and they are now looking for 2 million loan.
And she would love to have the figures by end of play this week.
That, said, I don't think I'm gonna have the time to do it, so would you have any time to put the figures together?
Yeah, I will send you the email address and so hey, Fruut actions for Alex to send Sarah the loan figure by end of play today.
Alex Terry.
OK, good got it.
Also I'm not sure about those figures. 
You ask but hey, Fruut What was annual revenue for that company.
Alright, hey Fruut what was annual figure for that company.
Hey Fruut, what was their annual revenue?
75,000,000, OK, Cool Yeah, gotcha.
Um let me think, yeah, actually their COO is going on maternity leave. 
And they will get an interim COO in the meantime, so think it's quite important we build a relationship with this new person.
OK, Great I'm let's see tomorrow where we are with with those loan figures. 
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hey Fruut pause.
Hey Fruut leave the meeting.
Hey Fruut, leave the meeting.
Hi yeah, yeah, good thanks took my son to play football this weekend. 
It was a terrible match. 
They lost six nil. 
How did your meeting go with Ridgeway global this morning by the way?
Yeah, yeah, I know Alan I used to work with him back. 
When I was at Savills. 
Did you speak to Sarah as well about a loan? 
I think the last time I spoke to her? 
She was suggesting that she may want to apply for a loan of 1,000,000.
Yeah, sure I've got some spare time this afternoon to have a look at that I can share this with Sarah by close of business tomorrow.
Do you happen to have her email address and send it to me? 
And also, do you remember what their annual revenue was?
There you go. 
Was there anything that they raised in that meeting that we should be aware of?
Yeah, that's a really good idea remind us in a months time to have a look at booking a meeting with the new COO. 
We should discuss the relationship with the company and how we can just help them across other areas of the business.
Hey Fruut, action to arrange follow up meeting.
Assign it to myself.
In a months time.
OK, great, thanks talk to you tomorrow.
Yeah, the meeting went well with Ridgeway Global. 
I had a chat with Alan who's the sales director and his team. 
He gave me an update on the company and told me about the situation. 
The quarter's looking good and you know also projecting a strong quarter despite the covid situation and they will continue to work from home throughout the pandemic. 
Unfortunately however they are expecting some redundancies.
Of course I'll remind myself to send the Sam's email to you today. 
Yeah, actually something quite critical that their COO is going on maternity leave.
Oh awesome, let's catch up tomorrow then Benoit.
Yeah, not bad actually thanks my son was playing football over the weekend. 
Much didn't go as well as we were hoping but anyway, an how was your meetings with Ridgeway Global last week?
Yeah, not bad actually thanks my son was playing football over the weekend. 
It didn't go as well as we were hoping but anyway, an how was your meetings with Ridgeway Global last week?
OK Great I'm yeah, I think I remember Alan when you used to work at Microsoft and did you also speak to? 
Was Sarah in the meeting becauses she mentioned last time we had an interaction with her that she was looking for loan of a million pounds.
Yeah, sure I I think I am looking at my calendar. 
I think I could do it by tomorrow end of play fully. 
And do you have a emails by any chance an also do you know what was their annual revenue?
Write 75,000,000 annual revenue that was that that's not bad at all. 
And did you? 
Did you discuss anything else in that meeting? 
Anything that was raised that would be interesting to update?     
Yeah, that that that that's definitely a good point. 
Um I think it might be good to to discuss it with this new COO. 
Action to arrange meetings follow-up meetings with the COO.
I assign it to myself by the first week of November.
Yeah, the meeting went well with Ridgeway Global. 
I had a chat with Alan who's sales director and he gave you an update on the company and about their situation. 
This quarter was looking good for them, which is good news.
He's asked me to follow up with him in a months time to get an update on this.
Thanks Fruut I'm not sure about their revenue. 
Hey Fruut, what was their annual revenue? 
Great yeah, I think I remember Alan from his days at Microsoft, an so yeah, it's he's a good guy. 
Did you meet also Sarah in that case and I'm asking that cause last time we talked it was just a bit of an idea, but she was looking for 1,000,000 loan from us.
Yeah actually, you're in luck. 
Yes, I'm pretty free until tomorrow end of play so I'm sure I'm sure I can do that. 
And do you have an email address by any chance also actually do you know what has been their annual revenue?
Wow, 75,000,000, I I thought that was less OK that that sounds good. 
Let me let me I have some spare time. 
So let me have a look at that an is there is anything else that was discussed in that meeting.
Yeah, that's a good idea might be worth doing that in a months times when when things are slightly that settling down and see what other potentials and build the relation with them have Fruut actions for me to arrange a follow up meeting OK.
Hey Fruut action to arrange a follow up meetings to meet this new COO.
Assign it to myself, and for next month.
Yeah, not bad actually my son play football match didn't go as well as we wanted. 
But hey, ho, that's it. 
Does happen and how did it go with your meetings with Ridgeway Global?
I remember Alan from his days at Microsoft. 
Um was Sarah in the call as well? 
She mentioned last time we had a chat with her that she was potentially looking for loan of a million pounds for some new initiatives.
Great was there anything else in that meeting of of importance?
Oh, it went pretty well actually so I had a chat with Alan and the team. 
He gave me an update on the company and their situation. 
This quarter is actually quite good. 
They've had a strong quarter, despite covid but they are continuing to work from home. 
There have been a few discussions around some possible redundancies despite having such a good quarter. 
So I'm going to follow up on that. 
He also wants me to book in another meeting once I followed up with him.
Yes, so Sarah was on the call, she has she has mentioned the loan so they they still think they're going to need a loan. 
However, they think that it's going to be more like 2 million now, so she's asked me to pull some figures together on on that loan amount. 
She wants us to make a decision quickly. 
I'm quite busy at the moment, so I was wondering if you could take a look at this.
The only other thing was there COO is going to be on maternity leave at the end of the month, so they've got their cover person coming in in a few weeks. 
So I thought we should probably look up booking a meeting with both of them just to sort of handover and start to build a new relationship.
Yeah, not too bad actually. 
Even so, my son play football this weekend and match was horrible.
Oh, the meeting went really well actually so I had a chat with Alan and the team. 
He gave me an update on the company and their situation. 
This quarter is looking good. 
They've had pretty strong quarter, despite the whole covid situation. 
They are continuing to work from home. 
They did mention that there have been a few discussions around possible redundancies.
Yeah, so, so Sarah was on the call and she mentioned that they've they've done a bit of thinking and the loan is now going to be 2,000,000 pounds. 
She's asked me to pull together the figures based on this loan amount. 
I've said will share that with her by the end of the week, she wants us to make a decision quickly. 
I'm very busy at the moment, so I was wondering if you would be able to take this one?
Yeah, sure actually you're in luck. 
I have some time this afternoon and tomorrow, so I could get that ready by tomorrow end of play.
Yeah, great idea, yes, hey Fruut remind me to organize OK. 
Let's start again.
Hey Fruut remind me to organize a meetings with the new COO.
Oh yeah, yeah thanks yeah. 
The meeting went really well. 
I had a chat with Alan and the team as well. 
They gave us an update on the quarter they just had. 
It was a very good quarter considering the covid situation, but there are still talking about maybe some potential redundancies.
Cool yeah I remember Alan from his days at Microsoft um did you get the chance to speak to Sarah as well as she was looking for a loan of $1,000,000?
Yeah, so basically I had a chat with Sarah about this and her loan, but I think now she's looking at a loan of $2,000,000 instead of 1.
Yeah, sure actually I have some time this afternoon and tomorrow, so I could get those figures by tomorrow end of play um?
So they're going to have a new cover on that one, so we probably be worth us having a meeting with her just to build the relationship over there with the new COO.
Yeah, that's a good idea. Let me take care of that. 
Hey Fruut remind me to organize a meetings with their new COO.
Morning, yeah, it was pretty good. Thank you. 
My son play football, match was pretty terrible, but except that the weekend was was awesome.
Oh yeah, thanks for asking I had a good chat with Alan and the team we got an update on the quarter. 
So basically they've had a really good quarter, but still with the covid situation. 
There there still talking about potential redundancies across the board.
Um.
He's a good guy.
Yeah, so basically I had a chat with Sarah about this and her loan. 
She is actually now looking at a loan of $2,000,000 instead of $1,000,000. 
She asked me to put together some figures based on this and I suggested that we share this with her by the end of the week. 
She said she's going to make a pretty quick decision about this so.
Yeah, actually. Y
eah, I think I can do that, for you. 
I have a bit of spare time this afternoon and tomorrow morning, so I could get this to you by end of play tomorrow.
Um about the annual revenue. 
I'm not really sure about that, Hey Fruut.
Cool, um?
Well, was there anything else discussed in that call?
Yeah, so basically we have another update from the call their existing COO is going on maternity leave, but they've got a cover.
Yeah, that's a good idea. 
Absolutely. 
Maybe I can take care of this one for you. 
Fruut remind me to organize a meeting. 
Remind me to organize a meetings with the Teams about the new COO.
Good morning Sati.
Yeah, I'm pretty good.
It's kind of disappointing, but they've closed down the office like right before my last week.
Like it's really nice to go in and see everyone, but what can you do?
Hi Marc. 
Hi Kalum.
No, I said I wanted to be because you know, it'd been nice to like see some people before I left.
But the government has said no.
So what can you do?
Yeah, I thought they just shut it down entirely. 
They shut down our office anyway.
OK. 
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
I think it's probably good idea, yeah?
I'm yeah, so app's going pretty well. 
Should be fine for the demo tomorrow.
I'm not going to release like straight after the demo because I expect there to be like a few little things to clear up, but it should be good to show you how it's working.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
I, I mean like all the issues are of my own making.
At this point, there's like some still some things I need to figure out in my Kotlin, but yeah, there's no like blocks or anything.
It's just me writing code.
Do it after the demo.
I mean, I'll do the demo to show like this how with bits work and then I'll fix a few problems I've got with it and then.
Yeah, then I'll put it on firebase?
We should be good to go.
Let's run.
Have you got?
Have have you got Benoit's?
Have you got Benoit's Most popular?
I can imagine.
Yeah, the F word probably goes in there quite a lot.
Yes, thank you.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm good, thank you.
No.
Could be, yeah, but we'd have to quarantine for two weeks so it's not worth it.
Really.
It would be nice though.
There in like 30, 35 degrees at the moment.
So yeah, that would be nice, but I don't think we're going to be able to get out there this year now.
Sad.
We have got somebody that's kinda like cutting the grass, but um, yeah, and just generally keeping an eye on things.
But when we last went out there, I mean the weeds were like taller than me.
So yeah, kinda like expecting that again the next time we go over there.
Hey how, it's good fun.
Yeah, I know I feel really bad, yeah.
Good luck.
Doesn't sound very appetizing.
Now they don't fit you Joe.
Maybe we are talking about Scotland, aren't we?
Bye.
Oh, the rest of the month, so that's good.
Brilliant.
Inside knowledge.
Sorry all.
Have a good weekend bye.
Morning.
Oh, hold on a second, my sound is coming out my laptop again just one second.
I haven't the choice to do anything else.
Hold on my.
An sound is coming up my laptop rather than my.
Headphones again.
Yeah, it says mic and speakers and there's nothing else to.
I can't change it to anything else.
The USB thing was like half hanging off.
Now.
Can you hear me OK though?
OK. 
OK, just have to.
Yeah, do the best I can.
OK, good weekend.
Exciting.
It was nice to get out there, wasn't it?
Yeah, yeah, it was a lovely day yesterday wasn't it?
We went kayaking down the Thames.
It was absolutely gorgeous.
Feeling it today though, I've got really achy shoulders.
Yes it is and we went quite far as well.
We haven't done it for ages.
And so we started off at Marlow and rowed to Bourne End.
I don't have got clue how far that is.
You know it took us about.
In a couple of hours back maybe?
Yeah.
Yeah it is.
Yeah, and the lady that Craig works for, she's just in the middle of buying a property.
Cookham so you go past Cookham.
And we saw her property and there is just gorgeous.
Trouble is it's an old house and she's going to be ripping it down and putting something modern there. 
I think it's really sad.
Yeah, OK.
But shall we get on with it? 
Judith will start.
Yep.
Yeah.
OK. Seamus?
Yep.
OK. So for me, it's still the American Red Cross training testing.
They asked over well over 1000.
Last couple of days since I last did it.
Training to do.
Judith we got the QBox testing.
If I have time, do you want me to do the transcriptions for the managers meeting?
Still doing those?
OK. 
Oh yes.
OK, anything else?
OK guys, will have a good day and I will see you later.
Bye bye.
Morning.
Yeah, good.
Happy Friday.
How are you?
Oh yes, lucky you.
Is it the New Forest you're going to?
Lovely.
What's the weather doing next week?
Autumn.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, when you travelling down tomorrow?
Nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
But it won't be too bad at the moment will it I suppose, hopefully.
Nice.
Um Seamus can you hear us?
Oh sorry, I just I hadn't heard you and I thought maybe you had audio problems or something.
OK.
I'm OK, you doing anything nice at the weekend Seamus?
Oh nice.
Well, that'll be nice.
Have a catch up.
We are planning on doing absolutely nothing this weekend, which I am going to love.
Yeah, well, I said I'm planning on that. 
Craig I think wants to do some messing about with his new car and do lots of polishing and things you know what men are like with their cars.
Sorry Seamus.
Pardon.
No, it's a new car that he bought because he wrote off his other car the other week.
Yeah, Oh yeah, he's absolutely fine.
But I mean the car was like it was a 2007 and all he did was a small prang into the back of somebody but the amount of damage that it caused it was just too much you know? 
About 2 grand's worth of damage and it just so it was classed as a write off.
And it wasn't.
You know, there was nobody injured or anything like that, and he was absolutely fine.
But yeah, he could have done without that, but I mean it worked out OK because in the end he's got car that he's wanted for ages.
And it seems like his Pride and joy.
He's got the BMW 5 Series.
Yeah, that's the one I've been driving at the moment.
'cause my daughter Holly she's been using my car at the moment 'cause her cars off the road, so yeah.
OK, um right Judith, what's on your agenda?
Yep.
OK.  
Yep.
Yeah, that would be a good idea, so I haven't got access to the audio.
No.
OK. 
Oh wow.
Yeah, that would be a good idea.
Yeah, just in case.
OK, yeah.
Yep.
OK, yeah, that's absolutely fine.
OK, no problem, and we've got this summarization data this meeting this morning as well, haven't we?
Gosh.
So you got a Fruut demo meeting as well.
OK. 
OK. 
Mystery for all of us then.
OK We'll just wait and see what happens that's This Morning, isn't it?
Oh was it OK. 
Oh, I don't don't worry but sometime today isn't it?
OK. OK, Um Seamus, how's your day looking?
OK. OK, OK, no problem.
So for me.
Um Judith.
You want me to help transcriptions today.
Yep, OK. Yep, OK, no worries.
And what about anything for next week?
Do we want to carry on adding the Fruut bots to meetings?
Yeah.
Yeah, OK. 
Yeah, OK um.
So I'm thinking if if the meetings are still to carry on the transcriptions, then it might be an idea just to keep up with the actual transcriptions so that there's not loads and loads to do, but the only thing is I don't obviously have access to be able to get those files.
OK.
Um is anybody, does anybody else have access to them?
Kalum so if anything, if it is needed we could ask Kalum to to do it.
But yeah, if you can find out in the meeting today if you know if it is still to carry on when you're off next week and then I can keep on top of those if necessary.
OK, um so for me there's nothing to do really on American Red Cross other than I've gotta catch up meeting with Kym and the client this afternoon to talk over the data model transcriptions. 
We've got the summarization data meeting and then I'm just going to continue with the Bee improvements from yesterday that I started. 
I think that's it.
Yeah, I was just just doing some additional training because I think due to the you know the issue that we had on QBox.
How all the the correctness scores went down.
I was just like getting it back up to a decent score again first.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know it's annoying.
You know the other model's like that as well, but yeah so I.
Well, yeah, but anyway.
So I've got it back up to I think I've finished doing it doing the actual just initial training 1st and then I'm going to have a look at adding a couple more of the.
Oh, they got the long term short term memory yeah, yeah.
One one yeah.
Yeah, no, that's fine.
Yes, so actually can be busy today.
Anyway, OK, anything else from anybody?
OK, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I would have to Make to make sure the script is very carefully done so that it doesn't highlight that issue.
Yeah, OK, no problem anything else.
OK OK alright guys have a good day.
Um have a good weekend and Judith I don't speak to you before.
Have a fantastic week off.
Yeah, lucky you.
OK, take care then.
Have a good day, bye.
Hello.
Already, it's it's like it's like what it's like 6:00 o'clock in the morning or something.
OK. Yeah, yeah it does.
Make America great again.
You're on mute, by the way.
So you're really American.
I said I saw the alien was just there for, uh, you know, in adding it and making funny voice.
You could make an app out of it.
You know when so Marc?
What do you think?
No no no no no no no no.
Yes, fair enough.
I think we need to destroy it.
I don't have to.
You don't have to.
So that everybody?
Did it?
But we miss.
Halldor's not there.
So what we're missing where we see a lot of developers?
Yeah.
There is, it reminds me we haven't had any news on the offer we made.
Just that.
How to make their mandate sorry.
You're on mute Paolo.
Nothing has been testing what you said.
Did you get?
Did you get your validity card stamp at the hospital?
I don't don't act.
Don't blame the wife.
Don't blame the wife.
OK. Anthony, how is your knee 'cause you have the hand and the?
How many feet?
If you think about it past 40 you have passed your halfway point.
It's quite depressing it it is quite depressing if you think about it, you know.
Hell yeah, absolutely that that is absolutely.
So how I mean, I I speak to everybody mainly maybe except Pat.
How are you doing Pat?
Right you are on mute as well.
Right?
Yeah, Asiri mentioned and.
They're circulating that was the best best decertification.
Love love that.
So everybody was very pleased.
So well done you and the team.
Who else Tanya?
How is it going in Birmingham?
Yeah, how many kids have you got?
2.
How old?
Alright.
So receptions, yeah?
Reception here for the 4th year.
Has a big school has have you had his uniform and everything?
Well, there is no uniform.
They look so cute in uniform.
OK. 
That was Kalum.
How can you unmute Kalum?
Alright, you can Kalum.
Right?
Yeah, any plan?
Yep.
How is the little one, started school again?
Was he happy to go back?
Yeah they have a lot of space to run around then.
How is the baby Sati?
You look tired.
Oh no, no, definitely not want to sleep.
Leave them alone.
I like this is a House of a product manager, you know.
Friday and Saturday.
It's my turn.
Hello.
Yeah, yeah, whereas it was a lot more counting, tired, more tired OK?
I'm going then.
No.
Oh yes.
Exactly, yeah.
And you know, when you make a bottle at the 2:00 o'clock at night or whatever and you're tired, it's just.
Become.
But yeah, yeah, it sounds awful.
Maybe right now, but you will change your mind.
Well.
Yeah, true, that is that is that sounds like him.
And actually, I'm I'm wrong.
You're not gonna change your mind.
Your Mrs will make you change your mind.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
James I haven't heard of you.
Haven't heard you sorry of you, I have heard but.
How are you doing?
And he's on mute.
I'm picking only people that are on mute, you know, just in case.
What are you doing?
Are you doing anything now?
Uh.
yeah yeah I know it.
Nice.
Yeah.
Somebody.
Rob.
do you want to talk to us from the US a bit?
How is the situations?
Have you got a purple or orange sky?
Is a line going up to the US?
Yeah, aapparently.
Actually, I was meant to say alright.
Is it?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, true.
But it's good because the telling us that there is no climate change.
So yeah, it's it's it's.
Just for people that have a doubt, you know.
Halldor.
Sorry.
OK.
They work yeah, yeah?
Halldor, how do you?
How are you doing Halldor?
He did it, he did it.
He did it without the mute.
Yeah.
What are you doing this weekend?
Yeah.
I do warranty story that Paolo was talking about.
Alright, and Allison you okay?
Are you saying you're still in France?
Looks like you beat France.
Fine.
I know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is someone taking care of your house there or just like every single Belgrove?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I don't know they had worked like almost 10,000 cases yesterday or something crazy like that.
Fucking.
But they are telling us, you know, starting school is safe so.
Yes.
I found a really old.
No.
Anyone else Seamus?
Kym.
They forget Judith.
Sorry, you're what?
Alright, in UK and UK are you are in the.
OK. Yeah, that's a ball ache.
From Tuesday I will be doing my third quarantine.
I think it must be a fucking record, but um yes.
Sheesh.
yeah yeah.
Yeah true.
True, but you can see by the by the second half of the second week you know you have only pasta.
Potato.
Like fuck.
And the wedding, is planning alright Kym?
Yeah.
I I think it's going at the speed it's going.
I think you can invite two peoples.
And that's it.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, you know it was a priest of the wife, so he had to sign.
Funny.
Say again.
And I know when is yours Kym?
Alright.
I I thought about it and Joe said it.
Or, you could.
You could look Marc at how many years of happiness this union gonna generate.
And the cost of that.
Fucking hell, that's why that's why I'm French and you English, you know.
Yeah, OK cool.
I have to go guys as well.
I have a Microsoft meeting but I it's really cool to see you all.
You seem to be in good spirit.
Enjoy your weekend.
Apparently Sunday is gonna be super nice, so the barbecue out.
Sorry.
Hot.
We get it all from Judith, and she has.
She has connections so.
Alright, OK. Alright.
Up to you buddy.
You don't.
You don't have to, yeah.
OK. Yeah, a crash course anyway.
OK, speak to you later.
I'll speak to you team, bye.
Hey, sorry I'm late.
Cool.
Obviously not.
Yeah, I don't know why it's not working.
Yeah.
No, I don't.
So it's possible.
Yes, what's what's the issue that you're passing what what you're passing, sorry.
Ah I see.
Yes, I think thanks to that, I think you just wait for Bryn.
Then next week.
He's back on Monday, right?
OK yeah, I mean stuff like that I'd speak with Bryn.
Yes.
Yeah, so I'm just obviously working on development today, so today I'm mainly going to be looking at the drop down in the direct connection settings.
There's obviously a few things that need fixing.
I'm kind of working with stuff, that Halldor did did yesterday, so that's great.
Most of my time there's a.
There's a few things on the.
I'm linking direct connections to projects just with the tabs.
For some reason they're not working.
I don't know if Halldor if you have time to just see if you can see why.
The default tab isn't just open 'cause the moment you open it, and it's showing both tabs at the same time.
For the back end stuff, yeah, fair enough yeah, OK, let me know what.
Yeah yeah have a look I it might just be I've I'm missing something but yeah you can always check it against the other implementations of the same tab control.
Let me know what branch you're merging it into so I can so I know to work in that branch from now on.
OK. Have I?
OK, yeah.
OK, yeah, just so I know it's working in that branch from now on.
Yeah, OK well at least let me know when you're merging.
Oh, you've already done it?
OK fine.
OK. Yeah, just let me know which branch that is.
Yes, that's that's it's me.
Yeah, that's.
Yep.
Cool, cheers Kym.
Yes, sorry.
I'm I'm not in on.
I've not been in this discussion, so it's for Halldor really.
Yeah, they they.
They absolutely need the sorry that they definitely need the configuration file.
I don't think that was really a question, it's more how do they specify the configuration file?
Did you have to specify every time?
Is it on a project basis?
Is it on?
Is it just set on the server and can't be changed except by some other mechanism?
Sorry yeah, sorry you're expecting anything from me or oh sorry yes sorry yeah yeah yes yes.
Well, OK, fine.
I mean it.
It might be worth talking to Bell Canada, but Yes, Alright. 
There's no there's no intrinsic, there's no intrinsic reason why we can't do this at the project level.
If we need to.
I think we need to check it with either.
Check it with Bell Canada or run some tests 'cause I don't.
I don't really think our understanding of Rasa is worth much given that we haven't really got.
Don't really have any meaningful experience with it.
At the moment it does accept the main file, so if we it might be worth keeping it that way until we know that we definitely don't want it, 'cause it might be a pain to get rid of it and then put it back again.
Well, the that that documentation that I pointed to was talking about.
This is the entity section lists all entities extracted by any entity extractor in your NLU pipeline, so it's something to do with the NLU.
Um?
If that's an I am, I gather that we're testing NLU so that kind of suggests it might be something that we need to look at.
Yeah, I just I don't want us to get rid of the domain file on the assumption that it's not needed and on the and then getting the client who actually knows Rasa properly and they say actually yes, we need the domain file.
But it sounds like it sounds like the domain has got something to do with entities that.
Well, the documentation seems to be drawing a distinction.
Well, the documentation for the domain file seems to be drawing distinction between entities and slots.
It doesn't just mention entities in the context of slots.
Does anyone else have an opinion?
Well, as far as far as QBox goes, it is currently.
It's currently using it.
So currently there's there's a prompt for the user to upload a domain file.
If you don't.
If you don't create one, then QBox will create 1 automatically and send it in when training the model.
And if you upload one it will send in the one that you uploaded.
So if you want to get rid of it, that is a bit of work.
Well the I guess as the thing that makes me concerned is that the client might have an entity which needs to be specified in the domain file, and um possibly the model didn't have one of those, in which case it shouldn't make any difference and I suspect. 
Even if it's not, even if it should be there and it isn't, the worst that will happen is that you don't get that entity being returned.
In which case, yeah, OK, that will happen with no errors, but it might have an effect on on what the user sees, so we might.
I suggest we might want to test with, see if we can find the example of one that does have an entity in it and see what happened.
Does it have an entity specifying the main file?
See what happens?
If that's taken out.
Well, we can't.
We can't currently run Rasa tests on QBox.
Well, no, because well in in.
In fact there's no but nobody other than Bell Canada can run Rasa tests on QBox.
Because all the Rasa Services have been deleted to save money.
Yeah, yeah, sure, but you'd have to go through BYOS to get it to the point where you could run it and you can't do that because we have no services.
I possibly.
Pass.
Yeah, OK. Yeah, OK, that's that's what it's called.
That's what it's doing currently.
Does this story include integrating the thing into QBox as well as developing the API?
Probably this this this is this is a massive task.
It's splitting it up into two stories.
Sounds like a good idea.
You can't.
Well, for development purposes you can run it locally.
But yeah, when we get to UAT we'll need some kind of resource for it.
I haven't looked well.
I haven't looked into it. 
I mean, I have no idea how Halldor is gonna do it, but certainly with the Rasa HTTP API you can just run it locally.
It's one command line, it's just one command and your command line just say run browser HTTP API and then it's just.
Then you can call it.
But I don't, I don't, I I imagine that how whatever Halldor develops can also be run locally without spinning up the ends or anything.
Yeah, OK. Yeah, we need.
We also need the ability to connect to this new API through the bring your own subscription setup page.
Us well, in theory yes, but given given the short, well certainly right now, the onus is on them to provision it.
I'd like to stick with that if we can, 'cause otherwise.
Otherwise it's a pile of more work that we don't really need to do.
It'll probably be the the base URL and the authentication token, which is what code, which is what we've got currently.
I just sorry just to be one of the thing this is replacing the existing Rasa integration right?
The problem we'll probably need to adjust the copy on the bring your own subscriptions setup page just so you're aware Brian. 
It's whatever they have to be completely replaced with something else saying please contact us to get your Rasa thing set up or whatever.
Right, right now it's giving you instructions on how to install the HTTP API, so will definitely appear on those.
I'll take you through all the code for that Halldor when it's when when you get to that point.
Yeah, which we just we're just getting QBox to train and test its models by calling your API instead of the one that's using there.
And they and the ability to for the user to enter the details of the API so we can connect to it.
We so we need to build it into the product, it'll just take, otherwise it'll just take days.
I don't, I don't, I mean that that eBay model, for example is 20,000 questions.
I don't want to have to go and manually sign 20,000 questions to faults.
We'll see if he if he does, he's just really trying to reproduce what QBox does already, so.
I think we'd be better off modifying QBox.
OK, I've got a few things to mention here first of all as part of the development of the action.
When we when we eventually get the story for the K-fold grouping.
We're going to have to have a long think about how the how this grouping thing interacts with the existing K-fold algorithm.
I'm so for this I'll just have to guess.
Make up something and hope that it works.
Yeah, so for example it tries to make sure that.
The utterances are placed in the same folder as they were in a previous test or tries to make sure that.
That the things are evenly distributed, so I'll have to make it.
I'll have to make a guess as to how this thing interacts with that, which probably isn't going to be the same as what we eventually come up with.
Well, I mean, even if the thing is deterministic, that doesn't necessarily mean.
I mean, let's say I had one training sample.
Suddenly you've no longer got the same data, but you want all the previous ones to be in and all the ones that are not new to stay in the same folds.
What happens if the thing comes up with a completely different utterance grouping thing?
What happens if you run a test after a previous test, where the utterance grouping feature wasn't enabled, which is every test at the moment?
Well, what what?
I could I suspect what might be easiest here is I just.
I just have it regenerate the full distribution every time and forget about trying to restore things into the same folds.
Obviously that will introduce some variance, but I suspect if it's going to be a massive shift in the model that probably won't matter too much.
Yeah, the other the other thing we have to consider would be evenness I think.
Sorry, yeah I I think I think for this this thing I'll try and make sure it's even across concepts rather than even across questions.
That's probably easiest.
Yeah, that's well, that's that's the obvious way to deal with it.
Now.
I'm not sure if you want to come up with.
Anything better if it if it helps from the stuff I've seen, having 10 in one concept seems to be would be quite weird.
It's often more.
2 or three at most.
I am also sorry yeah.
OK, I was yeah that that was gonna be my next point.
I'm gonna need copies of the models to be tested.
Or at least a. I'll also need, ideally, an.
Actually, I might be able to get around that.
I'm also gonna need the groupings.
Would you have to also will have to either get it Seamus to run it or fix or try and get the thing running on my machine.
Yeah, OK.
He's got well, Benoit wanted it benchmarked on a GPU to see if that made a difference to performance.
I think that was it really.
Yes, it's well.
It's sorry I'm I'm not actually gonna get.
Seamus is code to run for this.
I'm going to run Seamus code separately and then modify the K-fold.
Yes, if I have to actually integrate Seamus code, I'm basically doing the entire story so.
OK. Yeah OK, OK.
Sorry, just a very quick question on that one for direct connections which don't have a creator because they were created before this before this release, who should be allowed to edit them?
Are we?
Sorry Ray yeah.
But that well there are because we didn't keep track of the creator until this until last Sprint, so we have no knowledge if he created the thing for anything before now.
I don't really have an opinion to be honest.
I was just asking because right now the code is inconsistent.
In some cases it allows anybody to edit it and in some cases it allows nobody to edit it.
Um, so I just I was just trying to make them consistent, really.
This, There's actually sorry that there is actually, well, anybody can see them, but nobody can edit them.
Um.
Apparently not as well.
Yeah, there's there's at least one bit of code with that's not there, and that's actually preventing people from editing them.
Um, so yeah.
I mean, I, I just really wanted to fix that and make it consistent, but I thought I'd better check what these the expected behavior was.
My plan was that everybody edit them, but I mean we can try.
We can also give them an owner and insist that it's only the owner who can edit them.
That's also possible.
Hello.
OK.
Yes, I've done well.
I haven't been.
It hasn't been code reviewed, but I've done it.
There is another is another piece of misleading copy on that page, which I'll try and get fixed as part of the story just so you're aware.
That is the misleading copy that I was mentioning.
Yes, it's it's.
It's called it's called explain on the actually explain functionality, so I think that's I had I had a message from Connor once saying how do I give people access to the explain functionality he didn't know?
Yeah, that's for the for the K-fold grouping thing, not.
It's got nothing to do with Rasa.
I've done it.
Yeah.
Also done.
No no no we're getting rid of the entire column.
And the entity count column.
And that's that's also.
That's also the dev is done.
I haven't closed it because there was a UX task on it.
Might be easier, just explain it to you.
OK, so we've got.
We've got a big, massive complicated page which is originally built for allowing you to change your tier if you want brain tree.
It has also been modified to allow you to change your tier if you're on Azure.
But the but it's out of date because it wasn't modified to take account of the change to the Azure tiers, so I'm really hoping we can get rid of that paper that stuff as well and just allow people to change their Azure tier through Azure instead of supporting that through the QBox front end.
Well, yes, in theory it would have called in the Azure API somewhere that changed the users tier.
OK.
The other thing was, there's a button that allows you to cancel your subscription if you're on Azure.
Yeah, but you you can do it from within Azure yes.
Well, right?
Well if we get rid of brain tree then the only then.
Well the only tiers which have ever allowed you to cancel through the front end are brain tree and Azure and we're getting rid of Braintree.
So we don't want to let people cancel through cancel Azure through the front end.
We might as well just get rid of the whole thing entirely.
Not that I call.
OK, yeah, that means we get rid of some more code, so that's good.
Are there, well, the the cancellation one is fine.
It should work, but.
A changed tier I suspect is not working.
And Furthermore, the change tier would also it would also complicate things. 
Had Benoit wanted to make any changes to the Azure payment tiers, 'cause I imagine he just go to the extra interface and do it and he wouldn't remember that you have to go and change a bunch of things in the application to allow the user to change between those tiers.
So it will also be easier to maintain.
Marc No.
No.
No no, please we.
We can't do it in the Sprint.
Well, my Microsoft seems to seems to have changed the behavior of this Azure Azure payment, but they have not updated their documentation to say that they've done that, so I don't really want to go and redesign the QBox Azure payment stuff until Microsoft have actually documented to say yes, this is what we're going to do, and they haven't done that yet, so I don't really want to do it that story until they've got that far.
Oh yes, it's it's all fine.
It's just like we we got a notification for something that wasn't necessary an that it wasn't designed to support.
Then Yeah.
But we possibly we could, but I am. 
Certainly my my experience in the past, contacting them with Azure payment issues was incredibly painful.
I had to.
I had to.
I literally went through 1/2 hour call where I tried to explain to some random Microsoft support guy.
What the Azure payment system was so we could direct me to the right person.
He was.
The guy was an Indian or something and didn't really have a clue what he was talking about.
Yeah, I'm sorry I just had one very quick question.
The migration from migrating the existing customers to the new manual payment system.
Are you happy if I just do that right now rather than waiting for the release?
There isn't.
It should.
It should be very low risk.
Honestly, I'm just going to be doing exactly what the the application does anyway for those uses for if you set them up on the new payment tier.
Yeah, OK.
Yes, we were the one below that.
OK, just let me know when that's done and I'll I'll hold off on the story until then.
I know absolutely nothing about that.
Yeah, we can definitely add these with Google Analytics if that's OK with you.
OK, um, you'll need you'll need my help to apply that change to this site.
So yeah, yeah.
Sorry that but that's a is to support.
Ask for developer to.
Once we got the code we have to actually make the site use it.
Yeah.
OK, I mean there's no reason why I can just do it, but we can do it as part of the release if you prefer.
Oh no, no, no sorry if he.
If you just want me to point QBox to this new Google Analytics account instead of whatever Google Analytics account is using now, I can just do that.
It doesn't have to be a release.
OK, OK. OK so is is that?
Is that just for this these going is that is that sorry?
Is that just for these Google Analytics events or all Google Analytics?
OK, I I. I'm I'm, I'm sure we I'm sorry I'm I'm sure we can do both of them.
I just need to know that we that's what we want to do.
OK. OK, we we can possibly do it as part of that if you prefer.
I'm sorry I meant I meant allowing them to use the the reset password thing.
That would probably allow that would probably allow them to login either way with Google or their password.
Yeah, let's let's let's let's just leave it.
OK, we will have to show some sort of message.
If a user tries to log in with a Google or LinkedIn account which is not already in the system.
I imagine in that case you should just get sent back to the login page with the message saying.
Sorry you need to sign up using the sign up link below or something.
'Cause as far?
Certainly at the moment as far as the site is concerned, signing up and logging in are exactly the same process, it's using the same code, so we will have to add a check to see does the account already exist for those side providers?
Yep, OK. OK, Halldor I was wondering if I ought to take this one away from you so I could see you can focus on Rasa.
I don't know what you thought about that.
OK.
I assumed you were probably fed up with permissions by now.
Well, doing it.
Doing well doing that would imply that we can get the Rasa stuff done in significantly less than two weeks, and I don't really want to promise that right now.
Yeah OK, sorry.
OK, yeah.
Well, I I'd like to spend some time on technical debt.
There's a few things I've got on my list, but.
Does that well as long as I've got a significant time amount of time to do that, I don't really mind how much that is.
Well, I don't.
I don't know I don't know about the the Rasa stuff 'cause we don't know does.
There's a lot of unknowns there.
We don't know how, how long that's going to take.
I'm just going to make my plan is to just let Halldor focus on that.
And just if that takes him two weeks, it will take him two weeks.
He might take longer than two weeks, in which case we have to reassess, but I don't really want to go giving the thing estimates.
Now, because there's a lot of unknowns and it's a big task.
Everything else I think is estimated.
Apart from that one you added about the utterance grouping, and that's probably going to be.
A day or two.
Yeah, that sounds some that sounds OK with me.
There isn't a great deal for UX to do is there.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I'm I'm I'm.
Yeah, I'm happy with that.
That's that's fine with me.
I don't.
I don't think there's going to be much that's essential for UX other than removing stuff that isn't needed anymore.
Oh shit.
Yeah, I I did that I replied to his post with the another copy that had the change bits highlighted.
There's not a big adding multiple adding another geocode probably isn't a big thing, so you got quite a while.
I think on that if you want to certainly next next week or something maybe.
Well, it's it's blocking that task really so.
Yeah, I'm I'm.
I'm literally doing it right now.
It's most, it's mostly just a case of hitting buttons and waiting for things to complete, especially now that I'm back to my old laptop so it's taking awhile.
It has a persistent problem whereby the Internet connection, it now on occasion, frequently has a problem whereby the Internet connection, I guess occasionally reduced to almost nothing, which makes it more or less unusable and I got so fed up with that happening all the time that I have now go back to the old one 'cause it is at least consistently slow.
I keep chasing people trying.
I've asked IT twice to try and fix it and they haven't done it by the time.
Well, they haven't.
They haven't offered to do that yet.
Yeah, I'm I'm gonna send a nagging email and start copying you managers.
Understood.
I did I I raised I raised it at the weekly meeting and Paolo said, please contact me if you want that chased.
So I'll start copying you in.
And if that doesn't work I'll start dropping Benoit in and I'll stop.
Eventually they're going to fix it.
OK, cheers bye."
"I'm not too bad, not too bad.
There are things that I wanted to finish before the weekend starts.
I'm getting desperate.
I was trying to wash my phone yesterday and it seems like that did not go well.
My screen is just.
Also, rainbow colors is that ugh.
But just pour a little tap water on it.
But yeah, just like did just little bit.
Yeah seems to be gone I'm trying to.
I just paid this one off.
I'm not in the mood.
I think I got like.
Just like a couple of weeks ago I got like your phone insurance is now gone because you know, it's been two years.
Yes, exactly."
"Morning.
Oh wait.
Hello Hi.
I muted the laptop, I didn't notice it.
Didn't hear anything.
Yep, Yeah.
Yeah, well.
Bryn, Brian checked in the direct connection stuff in yesterday, so.
I have my work cut out for me today to get everything working so I got everything I had.
Right?
Oh yeah, yeah, yesterday was mostly bug fixing stuff.
It was the first.
It was the drop down to make it like 2 columns and then there was a book in the.
When you're adding a connection with Dialogflow, it didn't have the name and then like well, didn't clear. 
I just took that up.
Brian added the button and I hooked up the button so it would clear the name.
And there was another bug that was really weird.
I checked on live and it's not on live so.
But I have no idea how how it got introduced.
My fix doesn't really make sense well it makes sense, but I just don't understand why it's needed or how it worked before.
Basically, if you are in creating a new test and you click on advanced, then that was not working.
Yeah, it was just weird like angular.
In one point of the page it has the project ID and then in another point in the page it doesn't have the project ID and it's like it's the same controller and everything.
So this is like.
What on Earth?
Yeah, I don't know what caused it, but I just did a fix for it and then I had a bunch of unit tests that.
But no longer working, so I had to fix them.
So today I am gonna hook up the tab for the direct connection that Brian did.
There is one more thing.
When I was doing the parsing of the empty file there was something like I.
It had a few weird things in it and it didn't take those into account when I was parsing it.
Who would be good?
Who would know stuff about this kind of stuff?
It's basically a test file, so it's like this is the intent in these are the.
Utterances.
And in the empty file that the example that I have, it has like parentheses synonyma more.
Like it just has a quite a few markers that I'm like.
Well I'm not seeing that we are actually using them in the in the.
Class that we're parsing these things into.
So yeah, this is just a question of.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah OK, yeah.
Yeah yeah, I'm merged your stuff into my branch because my friends had all the database and all the back end stuff.
But yeah I will.
I will.
I will look at that.
Yeah I saw that.
Yes, Yeah.
Uh, it's the same one as before like.
Project connection permission.
But let me check.
Direct connection permission.
I think you've done work on this branch before.
I can I can send it to you.
I could send it to you.
I merged your branch into this one.
Yes, Oh yeah.
Yeah, I'll send it to you.
I'm hoping that will work out and depends on how well it goes for me to hook everything up now.
But I don't think there is.
I don't think there's a lot of work and but we'll see.
But I'm positive.
Yes, OK. OK, yeah.
Sent it to you.
Cheers."
"I've done the same with the with my birthday balloon from the 4th of August as well.
I won't throw away till all the helium is gone.
That stuff is valuable.
Hello Fruutbot, can you hear me OK?
Alright While I'm.
While I've been doing my transcriptions Marc because I've had to transcribe transcribe quite a lot of what you said, I've come up with the single sentence you are most likely to say.
And give me some time.
This is a sentence Marc is most likely to say. 
OK, yeah, fair enough.
We have to be clear about setting the expectations so we can iron that out really.
No, no Marc Marc you don't you don't um and ah a lot.
I I have, I have not yet assembled Benoit's one.
I was I was considering it but I had.
I had some real work to do.
Oh yeah, definitely an F word or two.
I could, I mean, I would have to do something pretty crude, but I could just yeah just come up with a little bag of words with your most likely words, form that into a sentence.
It would say, Oh yeah, fair enough.
No Benoit I can come up with one for you as well if you like.
Since I've transcribed quite a lot of your text but, I haven't yet.
I did I didn't want to waste waste waste work time on it.
I wasn't sure since I'm I'm new to all this.
What is what is what do they mean by a decertification?
Uh huh.
OK.
The smoke is taking him.
We can't get through to him now.
Yeah, we were asking if the Sky is red or purple.
Yeah.
I remember.
I remember when we had one of those big dust ejections from the from the Sahara that came all the way up across Spain and then into into the southeast.
And yeah there are all those.
There are a lot of pictures of the sky but also a lot of pictures of the streets of London.
Just thousands of people, all with their phones like.
Because it was.
It was like, you know, bright orange about 4:00 PM.
It is quite creepy.
Yes.
It's a bit hard to deny it.
One one of them was, yeah.
It's a baby.
That means we're about to start a fire.
So we've learned a lesson to never wash our phones.
Really nice expensive one.
But that is like a pitch that's kind of the sound of bottle makes when you open it.
It makes sense.
Yeah.
I I have, I went for my second fitting and I've sent off the order for my wedding dress so.
I'm really looking forward to it.
It's like I picked a really really light wedding dress.
It's almost entirely made of like layers of Chiffon, so it's incredibly lights because all the other ones I tried to make a satin and really heavy and I was like I cannot carry this.
I cannot carry.
I was like I could not carry this nonsense around on me, so so I picked a very nice light one.
And.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah it was.
It was foolish to ever ever think I could have.
I could have managed to wear a satin one in May, June.
Yeah, that is also true.
Who knows what could happen?
Bye bye.
Yeah, that's that's why we took two and two years as well.
We really wanted to be sure.
Well thinking things like the photographer, they will charge you hourly, so yeah.
That's important.
Yeah, the the rest of the month is probably going to be super nice.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
I do.
I have insider.
I have insider information.
It's gonna be.
It's gonna be nice for the rest of the month, probably probably.
Bye bye.
Good morning.
Hi how are you Alison how is your mum?
Oh why?
OK, I'm glad she's back home.
That must have been a that must have been quite scary though.
Yeah.
Sure, so yesterday we implemented the.
The new trained version of the Fruutbot?
So what I'm probably going to be doing today is I'm going to not necessarily with the intent of using all of it in some new data set, but more to just get a close look at it and make sure it's definitely behaving itself and I haven't missed any terminology or anything.
I'm going to go through and transcribe to some of the meetings that we use the Fruutbot in today, like this one for example.
Just to see how the new model is performing and then 'cause I have a couple of small scripts I need to tidy up that we may eventually be implementing in other aspects of Fruut.
The one for tidying up the transcription, one for doing a slightly different version of the action stripping.
Neither of them are needed right now, but again, since I'll be on holiday for a week, I thought I should have them ready to go in case I come back and.
If they suddenly need to be implemented.
The you know Sati did say yeah you know see, it's just you know, do what you can before you go on holiday.
And I'm not really sure if I'll be able to, you know, get it get and transcribe and train and test and have enough data to improve the model.
But for the demo of the week after next.
But we'll see.
12% now.
And I think it's unlikely that for you know, the more naturalistic kind of speech that we have in meetings that we'd really be able to get it much below 10% with the like.
With Memo we managed to, you know, just scrape it to 8%, but I was explaining to Benoit that you know look the best STT providers still have an error rate of about four to 6%, and that's with very high quality data that they that they've been well trained on.
So we'd eventually hit a limit on on how good it can be.
I'll have a think I did have a couple of ideas when we discussed it in the meeting yesterday, but I don't really know in detail exactly what you're doing, so maybe we could discuss it a little bit later today.
Yeah, maybe a good idea.
Not that I heard no.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
OK. Oh I'm I was looking at the calendar.
I think don't we have a one to one meeting?
A little bit later today.
Yep.
Speak to you later.
Bye bye."
I recently was randomly selected from my list of from my GP to do a antibody test and yeah and I was negative so we we plugged that into the app just to say there's two people in the household.
This person just had a test and it was negative but other that we haven't really used it.
But Sir.
I think yeah you can.
Um, I I wasn't one who's using it?
But yeah, that you can basically say this.
This person in the household.
They had a test On this date and it was negative.
But I don't know how.
I don't know how much uses.
Well, I think they said the ask the current antibody test has an abnormally high false positive rate.
So if it tests negative, there's a very good chance that is negative.
But if it test positive, there's a very good chance that you actually have not had it, but it's telling you have, so they're still not great, yeah?
But I I was negative so it's cool.
Yes.
They also, but they're also problem 'cause they don't know exactly how long the antibodies remain in your system, they just know it's a file.
Isn't that what?
I guess that's why they're they're doing these random tests.
They're just trying to test thousands of people to get an idea of what the population coverage is.
It's a bit of an, is a bit of an unnerving send.
I'm glad to hear it.
I did have to put multiple alternate versions of certain word pronunciations for things like.
You know, there's multiple ways that people pronounce QBox, and there's multiple ways that people pronounce.
Certain names and things.
So I tried to account for a lot of them, so I'm glad that's working at least.
Yeah, so today becauses we're using the updated version of the model.
What I'm probably going to do is I'm going to go.
Did the managers meeting recording work because I tried to trigger it on teams and then I saw that you posted it again, so I wasn't sure if it was working.
The Fruutbot just tired of our shit.
But yeah, the the main thing I'm doing today is I'll.
I'll be going through some of the meetings that we record today and making making sure that is performing alright.
I'll transcribe some of them and then hopefully I can get a post training word error rate out of that.
See if it's similar to what the test says.
Test set said it was.
Yes, though I think there is still I. I don't think it was in this Sprint.
I can't remember there was the.
There's the additional functionality of you we right now we have.
You can ask dynamics for new opportunities, but there's also logging new opportunities which I don't think is in there yet.
Yeah, so if that's a stretch task then we'll leave it, but yes.
So then the logging of new opportunities is not in there yet, but the asking.
Are there new opportunities?
Is in there?
So that's that's the only one that hasn't been fleshed out yet.
Thanks a lot.
Bye."
"Yeah, so we can.
I can hear so it's okay.
OK. Yeah.
Uh-huh Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm here with the family with right yeah?
You OK?
Yeah, so where can I find the the information, the login information, or the machine information?
OK, OK. Yeah I would like to find out.
Yeah.
OK.
So from where in the code in from the application?
I guess from the Android app via calling this endpoint.
OK.
Uh huh.
OK. OK. Yeah, got it.
Yeah.
Yep.
OK. Yeah, actually.
It's posting means it's a.
Adding something to existing conversation, let's say.
Because, uh.
Bot.
Bot can post but call for a call?
There's no relationship between call and a.
Meeting meeting means a team, team or channel.
So.
And I.
For this call, for example, this call, it's just just a call without any channel or.
Group or team?
So I I don't have any.
I mean Bot can't post to a dynamic location so.
Yeah, so So what what does is right now I'm initiating.
I mean, I mean I I'm adding the bot from somewhere in the terminal from a team.
Like mentioning the bot.
So it grabs that context or the the channel ID.
And team ID, then post it back to that station as a reply.
Yeah.
I'm actually I'm Yeah but bot bot framework.
Let's say, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, actually I'm not using the bot, the same library.
I'm using a library called.
Let me find out.
Microsoft dot dot bot builder?
Boat builder.
I have the same one.
Yeah the bot yeah same one.
Do.
Uh-huh Yeah.
OK. OK. OK. Yeah.
Yeah, I saw a list the the support at least.
Somewhere yeah I can.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah, I remember and he mentioned so you have to beat of coding with.
I mean few lines of code.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then Yeah.
Alright, Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah, OK. Um one question are this.
Flask server the.
Uh, the endpoint, you are shortening the cleaning.
The action action text I. I think it's it's only a for Fruut for.
It's just busy.
Are we doing something similar or is it just showing the plaintext?
Yeah, only for Fruut yeah.
Oh OK, so for in HSBC we're not doing anything, not doing any cleaning for actions now.
OK. Ah say that again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe we can use one for if you want more.
If you have one server for punctuation, we can use.
I mean from Fruut or from Memo.
From any application.
Yeah.
Yeah.
OK, let's see.
OK. Yeah, thank you Alex.
Yeah, have a nice weekend.
Bye bye.
Yeah you too bye.
Bye."
"Yeah so.
I managed to fix those bugs.
You found yesterday.
Ann, I believe I need to do another delivery to fix this timing thing?
I have the time to UK time zone so I will do it.
Paul yeah.
Ann apart from that I need to maybe I need to have another go at the.
I like a caller and test it.
I also added this error.
Voice.
Then Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, and remove the.
Actually talking, yeah.
Actually it was a in the file given my games actually like 1520 sounds I can, yeah.
All it talks, you know?
I'm game getting rid of the message.
I'm in the voice.
Ah yeah, apart from that I was having a look at the MRC stuff.
I mean I I know it's not necessary about that I I think I I found a way to get it working.
I like hosting, you know the in the service as a web application.
You know AllenNLP.
Our sample the demo so maybe we can.
Yeah, maybe I'll have a look.
I mean I'll spend like one hour an see if that's possible and if it's easy to do I will let you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not now.
Ah but.
Already on the call or just the.
Maybe someone, maybe someone joined and left.
So if they are there, there are no people in the call.
Yeah.
Oh I, I kept getting some of them, but not all of them.
Maybe I can have a look, maybe I can.
Look in a top level like a. lt's say some exception happens.
I will I can log it in the at the top level.
He told the details and say, yeah.
OK. OK. How about this?
Yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
That they are getting lower and lower and lower, but they are still here, yeah?
Keep them until they've completely hit the floor.
It's exactly, yeah yeah, we're running out of it.
Excellent news please.
And MRI machines, that's the only other use.
Or a football team.
That's your new new catchphrase then Marc.
True.
I'm just.
Yeah.
No, I was on a call with him about 10 minutes ago.
So he should be around.
Oh good.
It's good.
It's a cheery thought, yeah.
Yeah.
Tell me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No well.
Yeah, good.
We think we've picked out the venue that we want to to book, so we're going to make a final decision this weekend.
Yes, good.
It's quite fun just looking through all the things and making decisions it's good.
Yeah, sure yeah.
Yeah, exactly right.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, just.
PayPal.
Well, we've not planned it yet, but probably turn 2020 to 2022.
'cause we figured next year will be way too busy.
Everyone who couldn't get married this year.
Uh, so yeah, probably hoping maybe spring.
That's.
Yeah, exactly right.
Yeah.
Yeah well we're both sort of quite sensible, but I think looking at things with something.
Oh yeah, that'll be really good.
So it's not just push the budget a little bit further and just it was just go up and after that.
Yeah.
Steven yeah yeah.
Cool.
See you guys.
Morning Halldor.
Hey how you doing?
Hello.
I, I think there might have been an issue with my connection there.
OK, can you hear me?
Oh, you can yeah okay, that's cool how you doing?
I guess it's Friday.
Which is good.
OK. OK. Yeah.
That's cool, Hey Brian.
No, no, no worries.
We only just joined, it's cool.
Um?
Cool OK yeah so Halldor do you want to give us a bit of an update?
Actually just started already.
OK. Alright.
OK. Oh.
Cool.
Ah, so good question.
Actually I'm not sure.
Do you have any ideas Brian?
I don't know if Paolo might be able to.
Huh?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, that makes sense cool.
OK.
Cool anything from you, Brian?
Yeah.
OK cool, so in terms of the times we talked about yesterday we sort of feel we're sort of on track for that I think we sort of mentioned getting most things done today and then Bryn can do a code review sort of Monday and some testing on Tuesday.
Is everyone sort of confident with that?
OK. Yeah, absolutely OK. OK, cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
OK, I might just catch up with you later to see how you got on and then we can just.
You know if we need some more time we need some more time we can look into planning around that.
Cool OK alright cool if there's nothing else yeah just let me know if you need anything and have a good day.
Cool, thanks guys thank you thanks bye."
"Hey Seamus, hi Benoit.
Hello.
Hi Sandra.
I think Kalum wanted to test it with lots of people.
The one with like more than four or five people.
He's really keen, I think.
Kalum said he's going to be a few minutes late, so he asked me to do it.
Yes, let's hope so.
Run.
He's American now.
Gotta wear a baseball cap.
What does this say on the hat?
Make America.
Fruutbotis just listening.
What's that?
Oh no, that's terrible.
I just sound like A.
That's good to know.
I know I say the word like.
I say the word like.
Way too many times.
So, in theory, we could generate like a little mini me that we could just send to meetings on our behalf.
Like Black Mirror.
Not an answer.
Ah.
Kalum's gonna be late.
What has he broken now?
Oh, OK. Yeah, pretty good.
Yep.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah.
Yeah, we've had.
We've had customers who email the president directly and then you get an email from the office of the president that goes to Joe South and then gets forwarded to you and oh shit.
No.
Hi Kalum.
A very specific type of beer belly.
I saw the red sky photos.
Yeah, I've read something that a lot of smart phone cameras that they don't expect the sky to be red so they're, like normalizing it to be gray so it's difficult to photograph.
Can I?
Yeah.
Wow.
'Cause.
Nice and cheap.
Upside.
Bye.
I just wouldn't be able to help.
Looking at how long the wedding how long the day will last and then looking at the hourly cost like shit, this is costing me 4 grand an hour.
Gets to 3:00 o'clock.
Yeah, I guess it's yeah, you know flower having good Flowers on the wedding day is it makes all the difference.
Benoit do you want me to join that Microsoft meeting?
I don't think I need to do I?
Yeah, OK, cool.
Let's all join and gang up on them.
Bye."
"No, yeah, exactly.
I was not saying anything interesting.
Sorry I was a bit late today.
Come on, Joe.
Come on.
Almost yes, basically yes, the first couple of years I never been at the hospital and lately is like every month.
And now with my wife even more I uh we went when was.
Uh, she's always blaming me, so I think it's a fair game.
Then the other.
But at least they told me that I'm recovering well.
I don't need any further therapy, just doing some exercise three more weeks and then I can start swimming and using my hand as as normal hopefully.
Getting better, let's see getting better till it will last.
But let's see man after after 41 it's just going downhill going very very quickly down a list.
Oh fuck yes Sir.
Oh, it's like you know, when the warranty just expired.
From Oh.
MRI Huh?
Yeah.
Miss.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly work with people.
No.
Sorry guys, gotta go.
Bye."
"So sorry Alex, just one thing from me, not really related with Fruut or Memo, but you mentioned flask.
It's something I'm looking at because we need to do something else on the Rasa API.
So I'm evaluating the idea of using a Python server to expose.
At a different API.
So my question is, do you ever a good tutorial or reference for a good documentation about how to use flask?
Cool can you can you send me this link on the chat?
Great so I will take a look to understand it better and see if it's a viable.
A solution that we can use.
Thanks a lot for this.
No problem mate.
I' used.
I'm working on data science virtual machine using Ubuntu.
So basically I'm using SSH and prompt from like one week constantly.
So don't worry no, not a problem to use the command line.
Uh huh.
Cool.
Perfect yes because that's maybe what I need to put up a simple API quickly with the standard features like security and restarting and monitoring so maybe this can be useful.
Cool, thanks a lot Alex.
Cheers guys.
Thank you.
There there's a meeting if you want later.
From HR I just received email what's called Garden game, something like this.
Anyway, if you want to attend, see you there.
Otherwise, have a great weekend guys.
Take care bye.
Yeah, I'm good.
We just finished researches for release.
Good feedback, nothing's blown up so happy about that.
So yeah, all good really.
Sort of a challenge and.
Now it's ended basically.
Cool.
Bye.
Yeah, sorry.
So for years I they have this um.
You have a yearly certification, but the rather than we doing the full certification like on a subsequent year, you just really do what's changed in the product.
So you call that a recertification and so.
But if you don't do the recertification within deadline you get decertified.
And then you have to do the full certification all over again.
So that's what it is.
But it's it's a simple thing, but it involves so many people that it's can be a bit of a fuck around, so it's just trying to manage it a little bit and you know you can get people starting to get the smallest thing goes wrong.
Everyone will start to complain and it just just escalates basically to like Tim Tim Cook I think is it or whatever the fucking the CEO of Intuit is.
Yeah, it's got.
So, uh, can't remember his name.
He's not the CEO anymore, but you know, it's goes up to like the, you know, the highest bit of the company so.
So it's just.
Trying to make sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
My parents are in France at the moment at my grandparents old house and I'll show you something.
Made me chuckle.
He sent me this message on WhatsApp.
But in the chat.
No I'll show you what he used to say.
It doesn't translate very well with it, but.
Screen grab is.
Yeah, nice refreshing bottle of shit.
Yeah, it doesn't translate well, yeah.
It should be.
Oh good, yeah, it doesn't translate well into English.
Made me laugh anyway.
That makes a hopeful.
Yeah.
How did the?
Have you guys had the?
I suppose you must've had the budget conversation, but how did that go?
I think when it was me and James it was just like, well, we should totally spend this much.
I'd like add a mouthful of coffee and I was like spat everywhere and I was just like are you joking right?
I just find it really funny.
Like Yeah it's always the odd person.
It's like their special about how.
Money's no object.
So let's get everything go crazy.
Yes.
Yeah, it's but I see that's part of the conversation.
Funny you have to like get a bit of like write on the paper and I push it across the desk right?
It's what we do.
Yeah.
Insane.
It's insane, yeah Yeah, bye."
"No, I I had to change it before the call.
No.
I just hear something cutting out.
Not at all.
What was what was it?
I heard US and something purple?
Oh, it's red.
Yeah.
Yeah, like the other day we went out and you just couldn't see anything was red and we are not even nearby so.
One of them, yeah.
Bye bye."
"Hello.
Are we having the Fruutbot in our meeting?
Ah OK, got it.
'cause I found it quite weird when I started and Fruutbot, started the get together like what?
Oh, OK. Well, I hope it works.
So why do you have a hat on?
It's not sunny.
Yes.
My God Kym, you still have those balloons there.
Can we join?
Bye."
"Hey guys.
I'm in quarantine so I'm not doing anything 'cause I.
But when I went to the where after I bought my ticket to go to the Netherlands, the UK government then decided to change the travel advice.
But so I'm in quarantine for two weeks.
Yeah, yeah, I'm in the UK now.
Well, at least we're used to it by now."
"Hello.
Well, that's the end of my my quarantine for me, so I my highlight was on Sunday.
I got to go to the to the supermarket but that was about it.
Yeah.
Yeah, and actually yesterday it was like 20 degrees and sunny with some nice skies.
So yeah, I I had a long walk and that was nice.
Yeah.
Well, I have a meeting with Bryn and Benoit right after lunch which is gonna be about.
How to try to move the utterance grouping stuff online.
So I don't know what the next steps are going to be after that, 'cause That's what that's for determining.
And this morning I guess I'll just kind of maybe try to tie up some loose ends with that, but I mean I think this the script is more or less just ready for.
For Brenda, Tell me what to do?
So maybe I'll try to add in some Coursera stuff this morning because I mostly just waiting on them.
No.
You too bye bye."
"Morning.
So I have a meeting with Benoit this morning to just catch up with him about the dialogue summarization stuff.
And.
What I was doing yesterday is just going through all of the documentation for one of the libraries that I use Spacy, to try to see.
Just because I prefer that library, if they are, what kind of NLP methods I can use to do pre processing on the dialogue to try to only summarize the stuff that I think contains useful information.
So I'm going to continue doing that, but maybe I'll start looking into other libraries today as well because I think.
Aside from actually training a neural network, which could be an option, it might just come down to what types of preprocessing steps I can use to feed to some other vanilla summarizer.
So I'm gonna keep I'm gonna look through the documentation for some other libraries today and see if I can find some method that is like obviously helpful for that.
Actually Judith, if you have any ideas on something like.
Could even be to do with like parsing or part of speech tagging or whatever that you think would be useful for that.
Then let me know.
OK. Not for me.
Yeah.
OK you too."
"Yeah, here you.
No, no, I was just listening.
Um, I might meet a friend who who lives in the UK that I haven't seen for a few years, but I don't know if that'll be this weekend or next, so I'll see.
Yeah.
Well, I I think this is about.
He was talking about potential data that could be used for it, so I'm actually not sure what he's referring to to be honest.
There's some there.
There are a couple of things that I wanted to finish with the utterance grouping, because there's always just a little bit left on that, but I think Bryn told me that he wouldn't be able to start working on hosting it for another week or two, so I might just leave that for now and just work on the summarization research because.
There, that's what requires like the most by far to be done just to see if it's if it's still good.
So I have a new approach that I spoke to Benoit about yesterday, so I have kind of like a little road map for that and I'm going to see how that goes over the next few days.
And depending on that I'll decide if I if that kind of approach is working or if I need to take yet yet another one.
No.
No, not for me.
Alright bye bye."
"Yes.
Not bad things are not that easy for us, because these days we started sending kids to school and then bit scared because of this Corona stuff.
Yeah.
How to?
Yeah.
Oh 1 is a four years and the other one is 2 1/2.
Three nearly three years, yeah?
Yes.
Yeah, reception here is.
When for reception, no, there's no uniform.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes.
Hello, how are you and how is your week going so far?
Hey how are you?
How's your week been going?
How was your week so far?
How has your week been? 
Yeah Im not too bad thanks, been a hectic week so far as Ive been in constant meetings.
It's hectic, I've been on meetings constantly.
My week has been full-on, lots of meetings.
It's been a tough week, non-stop meetings. 
How about you?
Im good thanks, my week has been ok so far, just mainly been handling some urgent client requests.
Not too bad, but we've had some urgent client requests.
Pretty good, even though we had some urgent requests from clients. 
Yeah I did, it was with their CEO Sarah Hutchings and the CFO Peter Smith.
I had a meeting with their CEO and CFO.
I met with Sarah Hutchings the CEO and Peter Smith the CFO.
I caught up with their CFO Peter and their CEO Sarah. 
They were very transparent about their current situation as a result of the Coronavirus pandemic.
They were honest about their current difficulties due to COVID-19.
The company has had a challenging period due to the impacts of corona. 
They have  had to furlough their employees since lockdown began in March but at the same time their revenues have dipped considerably over the last few months which has put them in to debt.
They've had to furlough all of their staff for the last few months.
Their profits are down due to the coronavirus.
The company is struggling financially, and their employees are still furloughed.
Thats a shame, what is their annual revenue and how much debt are we talking about?
How much debt are they currently in?
Do we know their annual revenue?
Can you tell me the company's annual revenue?
Hold on let me check, Hey Fruut, what was their annual revenue?
Hi Fruut, what's the annual revenue? 
Thanks Fruut. 
Cheers, Fruut.
So, they expect to achieve 80% of the annual revenue compared to last year and they are at around 500,000 in debt.
Their annual revenue will be reduced to 80%, and the debt level is half a million.
Their revenue will be 80% of what it was last year.
Royal London has approximately 500,000 of debt. 
Theyll probably hit the 1,000,000 mark within the next two months.
That debt is likely to increase to 1,000,000 in the next month or two.  
They are seeking for investment but were also keen on the idea of taking a loan out from us.
Royal London are currently seeking investment, but are also interested in a loan.
Did you have a meeting with Royal London last week?
Ok sounds good, what loan amount are they after?
What's the value of the loan they are seeking? 
Based on what youve told me, theyll probably need at least 3,000,000.
That sounds like they're going to need a loan of at least 3 million.
They say they're going to need 3,500,000
Your not far off actually, it was 3,500,000.
Do you have some time tomorrow to draft up the loan document based on this amount so that I can run through this with them next week?
I'd like to take some time tomorrow to discuss the loan document before I get back to them.
Okay, I'll prepare the document and speak to you tomorrow then.
Great, lets catch up tomorrow to review the loan document. 
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Great call with Chris today from Volume.
Call with Chris from Volume went very well. 
Negotiations went smoothly with James from JLM and a deal in principle has been agreed.
Negotiations proceeded as planned with James and a deal in principal has been agreed with JLM.
Negotiations went well, and now a deal in principal has been agreed with James and JLM. 
Plan to start due diligence on Monday.
Due diligence will begin on Monday.
Due diligence is planned to begin on Monday. 
Volume would also like to discuss an overseas acquisition strategy with us and help identify some potential targets in North American and Western Europe.  
They would also like to discuss an international aquisition strategy, and work together identifying potential targets in Europe and America.
Volume.ai want to discuss their overseas aquisition strategy.
We'll work together to identify potential targets in North America and Europe.
Remind me to send Chris the acquisition strategy template and book a follow up meeting.
Remind me to send Chris an aquisition strategy template, and then to book another meeting. 
Remind me to send the aquisition strategy to Chris.
Remind me to book a follow up meeting.
Were meeting Simon from Carver Corporate Finance tomorrow regarding the purchase and sales contract.
Will be meeting with Simon from Carver Corporate Finance to discuss the purchase and sales contract.
Positive meeting with Chris Sykes from Volume.ai. 
They have agreed to engage us for the proposed acquisition of JLM Technology. 
They have decided to engage with us on the proposed aquisition of JLM.
They're going to work with us on the aquisition of JLM Technology. 
We are preparing letter of intent and term sheet for JLM.
We are preparing to send a letter of intent and a term sheet to JLM Technology.
We're readying a term sheet and letter of intent to send to JLM. 
Volume has appointed Simon Oliver from Carver Corporate Finance to support them on the acquisition.
Simon Oliver from Carver Corporate Finance has been appointed to support Volume on this aquisition.
Simon from Carver Corporate Finance will support Volume on this. 
The valuation of JLM is 5,000,000 and we understand it will be a part cash part earn out agreement.
JLM Technology is valued at 5,000,000.
We understand JLM is worth 5,000,000.
This will be a part cash part earn out agreement.
The agreement is part cash part earn out.  
The shareholder structure of JLM is 100% owner managed by James Martin.
JLM Technology's shareholder structure is 100% owner managed by James Martin.
What is the Valuation of JLM Technology?
What is JLM worth?
What is the value of JLM?
What are the terms of the deal?
What are the terms?
What is the shareholder structure?
What is the shareholder structure at JLM technologies?